Game/Academic.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Academic
parent: Character Development
grand_parent: Telling The Story
nav_order: 2
---
## Academic
Character who specializes in understanding the world around them and applying an academic rigour to that process.

Academics are: 
* Teachers
* Doctors
* Scientists
* Librarians

They can generally teach the following training:

### Basic

#### Apophenia
Spend a [Power](Stats#Power), you can declare your far-fetched theory about what is really going on. Rolls you make which help confirm or refute your theory receive +1.

Your far-fetched theory can help progress [Projects](Skills#Project) only tangentially related.

#### Autodoc
You can perform invasive [Surgeon](#Surgeon) work on yourself and ignore your own [Injury Penalty](Injury#Injury%20Penalty) when performing [Application](Intelligence#Application) skill tests.

#### Brilliant Bastard
You automatically succeed on anything you do on a roll of double 1’s.

#### Doctors Eye
You can always tell how injured a person is (and where). When starting a health/medicine related [Project](Skills#Project) you always succeed with at least 1 [Step Of Success](Skills#Step%20Of%20Success).

#### Intellectual Leap
When you use [Insight](Intelligence#Insight) to gain information, you can spend 1 [Power](Stats#Power) to infer another useful fact about the thing. Ask another question and the [GM](How-To-Play#GM) should answer honestly.

#### Kill Switch
While controlling a [Grapple](Special-Combat-Actions#grapple) you can perform an [Application](Intelligence#Application) skill test to disable automata and machines.

#### Knowledgeable Cryptozoologist
You're knowledgeable about all animals and monsters and can make [Memory](Intelligence#Memory) tests to know about them.

#### Knowledgeable Geographer
You're knowledgeable about all geography and can make [Memory](Intelligence#Memory) tests to know about them.

#### Knowledgeable Historian
You're knowledgeable about all history and can make [Memory](Intelligence#Memory) tests to know about them.

#### Knowledgeable Interpreter
You're knowledgeable about all religious groups, otherworldly entities and superstitions and can make [Memory](Intelligence#Memory) tests to know about them.

#### Knowledgeable Laws and Customs
You're knowledgeable about the nuanced laws and customs of areas and can make [Memory](Intelligence#Memory) tests to know about them.

#### Knowledgeable Magi
You're knowledgeable about all magic, spells, rituals, and places of power and can make [Memory](Intelligence#Memory) tests to know about them.

#### Knowledgeable Materialist
You're knowledgeable about all [Materials](Materials) and can make [Memory](Intelligence#Memory) tests to know about them.

#### Knowledgeable Tactician
You're knowledgeable about historical and strategic military knowledge and can make [Memory](Intelligence#Memory) tests to know about them.

#### Long Term Care
As a [Travel Activity](Activities#Travel%20Activity) you can declare you are going to heal peoples wounds. Your [Allies](Terminology#Ally) travelling with you can perform the [Injury Recovery](Activities#Injury%20Recovery) action.

#### Macguffin
You know just the thing to solve this problem. It might take time to find or build, but once per session you know just the thing to resolve an issue and the answer will be relatively on hand.

Start a [Project](Skills#Project) with a number of steps required by the GM, this project doesn't require an initial skill test to work towards a solution to the problem.

#### On Ice
You have twice as long to perform [Managing Injuries](Injury#Managing%20Injuries) skill tests on characters before it becomes impossible.

#### Parabolic Targeting
You can make ranged attack skill tests using the [Application](Intelligence#Application) skill.

#### Photographic Memory
Your character memorizes any document you get to see.

#### Problem Solver
You receive a +2 to all skill tests to start a [Project](Skills#Project)

#### Scientific Activation
You can attempt to activate magical items, places of power, and other magical things using the [Application](Intelligence#Application) skill.

#### Speculative Medicine
At the beginning of any combat encounter, you can name a character who you think will be injured during the encounter. Any medical tests you make on that person during and after this combat gets a +3. The person you select also gets +1 to [Identity](Spirit#Identity) skill tests for the duration of the encounter.

#### Sword Surgeon
While holding a rending weapon you can [Substitute](Terminology#Substitute) [Application](Intelligence#Application) for [Strike](Strength#Strike).

#### Your Money Is Good Here
You always receive full value when exchanging currency.


---

### Advanced

#### Do No Harm
You receive a (+1) to all [Non-Combat](Terminology#Non-Combat) [Actions](Terminology#Action), however to directly harm another [Character](Terminology#Character), you need to succeed an [Identity](Spirit#Identity) [Fixed Difficulty(0)](Skills#Fixed%20Difficulty).

#### Exact Dosage
Whenever you administer an alchemical solution with a duration, if the duration is rolled for in rounds, roll twice and take the result of your choice. If the solution's duration is not rolled for, you can choose for it to last either half or twice as long. If the solution's effect is immediate, you can choose to use only half the amount.

#### I Packed It
Once per [Downtime](Telling-The-Story#Downtime), you can declare after the fact that you purchased an item while you were last resting in a settlement. The item would have to have been available, and you need to spend the equivalent currency it would have cost.

You also count as having an [Explorers Kit](Example-Gear#Explorers%20Kit), you can use it for [Power](Stats#Power) instead of silver.

#### Surgeon
You may perform surgery on someone who has suffered lasting injuries to treat them. 

Surgery, at a minimum, requires a flat surface and [Surgeons Tool Set](Example-Gear#Surgeons%20Tool%20Set). It is a [Application](Intelligence#Application) [Opposed Difficulty](Skills#Opposed%20Difficulty)([Injury Penalty](Injury#Injury%20Penalty)), you receive a:
* (+2) for a sterile environment.
* (+1) for monitoring equipment. 
A successful surgery removes the person's [Injury Penalty](Injury#Injury%20Penalty). If you have access to any replacement body parts, or mostly intact severed limbs, they can be reapplied as part of surgery. 

Surgery takes 20 minutes per [Injury](Injury) the person has sustained, with [Vitals](Injury#Vitals) injuries taking twice as long. The total time in surgery is equal to the sum of all injuries. 

Surgery can only be attempted once, per person, per [Downtime](Telling-The-Story#Downtime).


---

### Master

#### Multitasker
Once per [Downtime](Telling-The-Story#Downtime), you can opt to take a second combat action after your first or expedite / multitask two narrative actions.
#### Playing God
*[Requirement](Terminology#Requirement): [Surgeon](#Surgeon)*
You cannot have [Critical Failure](Skills#Critical%20Failure) in surgery. 

You can also attempt to bring someone who has died from an injury back to life. This is an [Application](Intelligence#Application) [Fixed Difficulty](Skills#Fixed%20Difficulty) (-3), and anyone [Aiding](Skills#Aid%20and%20Hindrance) you must also have Playing God. It must be performed within 10 minutes of the injury occurring and is surgery.

#### Trauma Doc
If you successfully use a [Trauma Kit](Example-Gear#Trauma%20Kit) on someone, their [Injury Penalty](Injury#Injury%20Penalty) goes away. You can also make a medical test to treat ongoing negatives that were caused by someone else's medical work.

Commit message:

Magic Item rules (#118)
* Magic item rules

* Update Stats.md

* Update Academic.md

* Spelling

* One more note about drawbacks

Game/Academic.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Academic
parent: Character Development
grand_parent: Telling The Story
nav_order: 2
---
## Academic
Character who specializes in understanding the world around them and applying an academic rigour to that process.

Academics are: 
* Teachers
* Doctors
* Scientists
* Librarians

They can generally teach the following training:

### Basic

#### Apophenia
Spend a [Power](Stats#Power), you can declare your far-fetched theory about what is really going on. Rolls you make which help confirm or refute your theory receive +1.

Your far-fetched theory can help progress [Projects](Skills#Project) only tangentially related.

#### Autodoc
You can perform invasive [Surgeon](#Surgeon) work on yourself and ignore your own [Injury Penalty](Injury#Injury%20Penalty) when performing [Application](Intelligence#Application) skill tests.

#### Brilliant Bastard
You automatically succeed on anything you do on a roll of double 1’s.

#### Doctors Eye
You can always tell how injured a person is (and where). When starting a health/medicine related [Project](Skills#Project) you always succeed with at least 1 [Step Of Success](Skills#Step%20Of%20Success).

#### Intellectual Leap
When you use [Insight](Intelligence#Insight) to gain information, you can spend 1 [Power](Stats#Power) to infer another useful fact about the thing. Ask another question and the [GM](How-To-Play#GM) should answer honestly.

#### Kill Switch
While controlling a [Grapple](Special-Combat-Actions#grapple) you can perform an [Application](Intelligence#Application) skill test to disable automata and machines.

#### Knowledgeable Cryptozoologist
You're knowledgeable about all animals and monsters and can make [Memory](Intelligence#Memory) tests to know about them.

#### Knowledgeable Geographer
You're knowledgeable about all geography and can make [Memory](Intelligence#Memory) tests to know about them.

#### Knowledgeable Historian
You're knowledgeable about all history and can make [Memory](Intelligence#Memory) tests to know about them.

#### Knowledgeable Interpreter
You're knowledgeable about all religious groups, otherworldly entities and superstitions and can make [Memory](Intelligence#Memory) tests to know about them.

#### Knowledgeable Laws and Customs
You're knowledgeable about the nuanced laws and customs of areas and can make [Memory](Intelligence#Memory) tests to know about them.

#### Knowledgeable Magi
You're knowledgeable about all magic, spells, rituals, and places of power and can make [Memory](Intelligence#Memory) tests to know about them.

#### Knowledgeable Materialist
You're knowledgeable about all [Materials](Materials) and can make [Memory](Intelligence#Memory) tests to know about them.

#### Knowledgeable Tactician
You're knowledgeable about historical and strategic military knowledge and can make [Memory](Intelligence#Memory) tests to know about them.

#### Long Term Care
As a [Travel Activity](Activities#Travel%20Activity) you can declare you are going to heal peoples wounds. Your [Allies](Terminology#Ally) travelling with you can perform the [Injury Recovery](Activities#Injury%20Recovery) action.

#### Macguffin
You know just the thing to solve this problem. It might take time to find or build, but once per session you know just the thing to resolve an issue and the answer will be relatively on hand.

Start a [Project](Skills#Project) with a number of steps required by the GM, this project doesn't require an initial skill test to work towards a solution to the problem.

#### On Ice
You have twice as long to perform [Managing Injuries](Injury#Managing%20Injuries) skill tests on characters before it becomes impossible.

#### Parabolic Targeting
You can make ranged attack skill tests using the [Application](Intelligence#Application) skill.

#### Photographic Memory
Your character memorizes any document you get to see.

#### Problem Solver
You receive a +2 to all skill tests to start a [Project](Skills#Project)

#### Scientific Activation
You can attempt to activate magical items, places of power, and other magical things using [Application](Intelligence#Application). This includes [Bind](Terminology#Bind) when [Using Magic Items](Magic-Items#Using%20Magic%20Items).

#### Speculative Medicine
At the beginning of any combat encounter, you can name a character who you think will be injured during the encounter. Any medical tests you make on that person during and after this combat gets a +3. The person you select also gets +1 to [Identity](Spirit#Identity) skill tests for the duration of the encounter.

#### Sword Surgeon
While holding a rending weapon you can [Substitute](Terminology#Substitute) [Application](Intelligence#Application) for [Strike](Strength#Strike).

#### Your Money Is Good Here
You always receive full value when exchanging currency.


---

### Advanced

#### Do No Harm
You receive a (+1) to all [Non-Combat](Terminology#Non-Combat) [Actions](Terminology#Action), however to directly harm another [Character](Terminology#Character), you need to succeed an [Identity](Spirit#Identity) [Fixed Difficulty(0)](Skills#Fixed%20Difficulty).

#### Exact Dosage
Whenever you administer an alchemical solution with a duration, if the duration is rolled for in rounds, roll twice and take the result of your choice. If the solution's duration is not rolled for, you can choose for it to last either half or twice as long. If the solution's effect is immediate, you can choose to use only half the amount.

#### I Packed It
Once per [Downtime](Telling-The-Story#Downtime), you can declare after the fact that you purchased an item while you were last resting in a settlement. The item would have to have been available, and you need to spend the equivalent currency it would have cost.

You also count as having an [Explorers Kit](Example-Gear#Explorers%20Kit), you can use it for [Power](Stats#Power) instead of silver.

#### Surgeon
You may perform surgery on someone who has suffered lasting injuries to treat them. 

Surgery, at a minimum, requires a flat surface and [Surgeons Tool Set](Example-Gear#Surgeons%20Tool%20Set). It is a [Application](Intelligence#Application) [Opposed Difficulty](Skills#Opposed%20Difficulty)([Injury Penalty](Injury#Injury%20Penalty)), you receive a:
* (+2) for a sterile environment.
* (+1) for monitoring equipment. 
A successful surgery removes the person's [Injury Penalty](Injury#Injury%20Penalty). If you have access to any replacement body parts, or mostly intact severed limbs, they can be reapplied as part of surgery. 

Surgery takes 20 minutes per [Injury](Injury) the person has sustained, with [Vitals](Injury#Vitals) injuries taking twice as long. The total time in surgery is equal to the sum of all injuries. 

Surgery can only be attempted once, per person, per [Downtime](Telling-The-Story#Downtime).


---

### Master

#### Multitasker
Once per [Downtime](Telling-The-Story#Downtime), you can opt to take a second combat action after your first or expedite / multitask two narrative actions.
#### Playing God
*[Requirement](Terminology#Requirement): [Surgeon](#Surgeon)*
You cannot have [Critical Failure](Skills#Critical%20Failure) in surgery. 

You can also attempt to bring someone who has died from an injury back to life. This is an [Application](Intelligence#Application) [Fixed Difficulty](Skills#Fixed%20Difficulty) (-3), and anyone [Aiding](Skills#Aid%20and%20Hindrance) you must also have Playing God. It must be performed within 10 minutes of the injury occurring and is surgery.

#### Trauma Doc
If you successfully use a [Trauma Kit](Example-Gear#Trauma%20Kit) on someone, their [Injury Penalty](Injury#Injury%20Penalty) goes away. You can also make a medical test to treat ongoing negatives that were caused by someone else's medical work.
