Game/Armour-Traits.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Armour Traits
parent: Armour
grand_parent: Equipment
nav_order: 2
---
## [Armour](Armour) Traits

| Name                                                              | Cost |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------- | ---- |
| [Fine](Armour-Traits#Fine)                                     | 1    |
| [Fortified](Armour-Traits#Fortified)                           | 1    | 
| [Hardened](Armour-Traits#Hardened)                             | 1    |
| [Insulated](Armour-Traits#Insulated)                           | 1    |
| [Lightweight Materials](Armour-Traits#Lightweight%20Materials) | 1    |
| [Mail](Armour-Traits#Mail)                                     | 1    |
| [Ornate](Armour-Traits#Ornate)                                 | 1    |
| [Padded](Armour-Traits#Padded)                                 | 1    |
| [Practical](Armour-Traits#Practical)                           | 1    |
| [Reinforced](Armour-Traits#Reinforced)                         | 1    |
| [Runic](Armour-Traits#Runic)                                   | 1    |
| [Spiked](Armour-Traits#Spiked)                                 | 1    |
| [Tempered](Armour-Traits#Tempered)                             | 1    |
| [Well-fitted](Armour-Traits#Well-fitted)                       | 1    |
| [Impervious](Armour-Traits#Impervious)                         | 2    |
| [Ironbark](Armour-Traits#Ironbark)                             | 2    |
| [Mechanical Strength](Armour-Traits#Mechanical%20Strength)     | 2    |
| [Oversized](Armour-Traits#Oversized)                           | 2    |
| [Perfect Fit](Armour-Traits#Perfect%20Fit)                     | 2    |
| [Warded](Armour-Traits#Warded)                                 | 2    |

### 1 Cost Traits

#### Fine
Material: Textile
Your armour incorporates fine linens, silks, furs or other more exotic fibres, which impress and captivate with their dazzling colours and flowing motions. You add +1 to [Connection](Communication#Connection) and [Confidence](Communication#Confidence) skill tests when more than half of your armour pieces have the Fine Trait.

#### Fortified
Material: Metal
Your armour has been affixed with additional plates and bands of metal strengthening it and creating new layers of protection. Increase the armour's [Structure](Armour#Structure) by 2, but reduce [Max Skill](Armour#Max%20Skill) by 1.

#### Hardened
Material: Leather
Your armour includes carefully hardened and moulded leather, shaped into rigid pieces providing [Resistance](Armour#Weakness%20and%20Resistance) [Rending](Injury#Rending). 

#### Insulated
Material: Textile
Your armour incorporates thick, insulating layers of furs or textiles that protect against harsh winter conditions and icy attacks. The armour gains [Resistance](Armour#Weakness%20and%20Resistance) Cold.

#### Lightweight Materials
Material: Leather, Machinery, Textile
Your armour swaps out heavy, awkward pieces and components for lighter more flexible alternatives are key locations. While these alterations reduce the [Structure](Armour#Structure) by 1, they increase the [Max Skill](Armour#Max%20Skill) of the armour by 2.

#### Mail
Material: Metal
Your armour is constructed of distinct interlocking rings or scales, reducing weight and providing excellent flexibility when compared to plates of the same material. Increase the [Max Skill](Armour#Max%20Skill) of the armour by 1 and gain [Resistance](Armour#Weakness%20and%20Resistance) [Rending](Injury#Rending), but gain [Weakness](Armour#Weakness%20and%20Resistance) [Piercing](Injury#Piercing).

#### Ornate
Material: Any
Your armour includes ornate details such as elaborate patterns, intricate engravings, or precise coloration that makes it impressive to behold. You add +1 to [Connection](Communication#Connection) skill tests when more than half of your armour pieces have the Ornate Trait.

#### Padded
Material: Textile
Your armour included extra layers of thick, durable padding which reduce the risk of blunt force trauma. Gain [Resistance](Armour#Weakness%20and%20Resistance) [Impact](Injury#Impact), but lower [Max Skill](Armour#Max%20Skill) by 1. Additionally, this armour has a [Armour Integrity](Armour#Armour%20Integrity) of at least 2.

#### Practical
Material: Any
Your armour is built fit for the users purpose as well as protection. The armour includes 2 size 1 pouches of [Storage](Storage).

#### Reinforced
Material: Metal, Wood
Your armour utilizes additional banded plates, rivets, latches, or planks to reinforce the existing structural integrity of your armour. Your armours [Armour Integrity](Armour#Armour%20Integrity) is at least 2.

#### Runic
Material: Metal, Wood
Through arcane ritual and carefully handiwork, your armour has had runes chiselled into its structure. This armour counts as a Focus for [Will](Spirit#Will) skill tests.    

#### Spiked
Material: Metal, Wood
Your armour includes spines, brambles, or razor sharp edges which may be used to perform an unarmed [Strike](Strength#Strike) attack that deals Piercing damage. This attack occurs automatically when a [Grapple](Special-Combat-Actions#grapple) is initiated involving the character wearing this armour.

#### Well-fitted
Material: Any
Your armour has been custom made to fit your profile raise the [Max Skill](Armour#Max%20Skill) by 1.  

### 2 Cost Traits

#### Impervious
Material: Any
Your armour possesses special material properties, linings, treatments, or other counter measures to prevent opponents from exploiting weaknesses. Remove one of the [Weaknesses](Armour#Weakness%20and%20Resistance) from the piece of armour.

#### Ironbark
Material: Wood
The wood your armour is made of has extraordinary properties, giving it steel like strength. Raise the [Structure](Armour#Structure) of the armour by 2.

#### Mechanical Strength
Material: Machinery
Your armour augments the users movements Count as having 4 [Strength](Strength) when [Dealing Damage](Attacks#Dealing%20Damage) or performing a [Athletics](Strength#Athletics) skill test other than Swimming, but lower [Max Skill](Armour#Max%20Skill) by 2. If the character already has 4 [Strength](Strength) instead treat their [Strength](Strength) as 5.

#### Natural Resilience
Material: Leather
Your armour is constructed of the hide of a monstrous or mythical creature and benefits from that creature's natural protection. Raise the armour's [Structure](Armour#Structure) by 1 and gain [Resistance](Armour#Weakness%20and%20Resistance) to any 2 [Types of Damage](Injury#Types%20of%20Damage), but reduce the [Max Skill](Armour#Max%20Skill) by 1.

#### Oversized
Material: Any
Your armour incorporates excessive volumes of additional defensive layers to protect the user at great cost to their mobility. Raise the armour's [Structure](Armour#Structure) by 3 but lower [Max Skill](Armour#Max%20Skill) by 2.

#### Perfect Fit
Material: Any
Your armour has been crafted with your precise measures, exact range of motion, and training, techniques, and skill set in mind. Raise the [Max Skill](Armour#Max%20Skill) of the armour by 2.

#### Tempered
Material: Metal
Your armour has been hardened and strengthened through masterful forcing and precise quenching of the metal. The armour gains [Resistance](Armour#Weakness%20and%20Resistance) [Piercing](Injury#Piercing) and [Rending](Injury#Rending) and 1 [Structure](Armour#Structure). 

#### Warded
Material: Any
Gain [Resistance](Armour#Weakness%20and%20Resistance) to all damage from [Magic](magic) regardless of [Types of Damage](Injury#Types%20of%20Damage)

Commit message:

Last minute skill penalty changes.

Game/Armour-Traits.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Armour Traits
parent: Armour
grand_parent: Equipment
nav_order: 2
---
## [Armour](Armour) Traits

| Name                                                              | Cost |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------- | ---- |
| [Fine](Armour-Traits#Fine)                                     | 1    |
| [Fortified](Armour-Traits#Fortified)                           | 1    | 
| [Hardened](Armour-Traits#Hardened)                             | 1    |
| [Insulated](Armour-Traits#Insulated)                           | 1    |
| [Lightweight Materials](Armour-Traits#Lightweight%20Materials) | 1    |
| [Mail](Armour-Traits#Mail)                                     | 1    |
| [Ornate](Armour-Traits#Ornate)                                 | 1    |
| [Padded](Armour-Traits#Padded)                                 | 1    |
| [Practical](Armour-Traits#Practical)                           | 1    |
| [Reinforced](Armour-Traits#Reinforced)                         | 1    |
| [Runic](Armour-Traits#Runic)                                   | 1    |
| [Spiked](Armour-Traits#Spiked)                                 | 1    |
| [Tempered](Armour-Traits#Tempered)                             | 1    |
| [Well-fitted](Armour-Traits#Well-fitted)                       | 1    |
| [Impervious](Armour-Traits#Impervious)                         | 2    |
| [Ironbark](Armour-Traits#Ironbark)                             | 2    |
| [Mechanical Strength](Armour-Traits#Mechanical%20Strength)     | 2    |
| [Oversized](Armour-Traits#Oversized)                           | 2    |
| [Perfect Fit](Armour-Traits#Perfect%20Fit)                     | 2    |
| [Warded](Armour-Traits#Warded)                                 | 2    |

### 1 Cost Traits

#### Fine
Material: Textile
Your armour incorporates fine linens, silks, furs or other more exotic fibres, which impress and captivate with their dazzling colours and flowing motions. You add +1 to [Connection](Communication#Connection) and [Confidence](Communication#Confidence) skill tests when more than half of your armour pieces have the Fine Trait.

#### Fortified
Material: Metal
Your armour has been affixed with additional plates and bands of metal strengthening it and creating new layers of protection. Increase the armour's [Armour Integrity](Armour#Armour%20Integrity) by 1, but increase [Skill Penalty](Armour#Skill%20Penalty) by (-1).

#### Hardened
Material: Leather
Your armour includes carefully hardened and moulded leather, shaped into rigid pieces providing [Resistance](Armour#Weakness%20and%20Resistance) [Rending](Injury#Rending). 

#### Insulated
Material: Textile
Your armour incorporates thick, insulating layers of furs or textiles that protect against harsh winter conditions and icy attacks. The armour gains [Resistance](Armour#Weakness%20and%20Resistance) Cold.

#### Lightweight Materials
Material: Leather, Machinery, Textile
Your armour swaps out heavy, awkward pieces and components for lighter more flexible alternatives at key locations. While these alterations reduce the [Armour Integrity](Armour#Armour%20Integrity) by 1, but [Skill Penalty](Armour#Skill%20Penalty) is fixed at (0).

#### Mail
Material: Metal
Your armour is constructed of distinct interlocking rings or scales, reducing weight and providing excellent flexibility when compared to plates of the same material. Reduce the [Skill Penalty](Armour#Skill%20Penalty) by (+1) to a minimum of 0, and gain [Resistance](Armour#Weakness%20and%20Resistance) [Rending](Injury#Rending), but gain [Weakness](Armour#Weakness%20and%20Resistance) [Piercing](Injury#Piercing).

#### Ornate
Material: Any
Your armour includes ornate details such as elaborate patterns, intricate engravings, or precise coloration that makes it impressive to behold. You add +1 to [Connection](Communication#Connection) skill tests. This trait does not stack.

#### Padded
Material: Textile
Your armour included extra layers of thick, durable padding which reduce the risk of blunt force trauma. Gain [Resistance](Armour#Weakness%20and%20Resistance) [Impact](Injury#Impact), but increase [Skill Penalty](Armour#Skill%20Penalty) by (-1). Additionally, this armour has a [Armour Integrity](Armour#Armour%20Integrity) of at least 2.

#### Practical
Material: Any
Your armour is built fit for the users purpose as well as protection. The armour includes 2 size 1 pouches of [Storage](Storage).

#### Reinforced
Material: Metal, Wood
Your armour utilizes additional banded plates, rivets, latches, or planks to reinforce the existing structural integrity of your armour. Your armours [Armour Integrity](Armour#Armour%20Integrity) is at least 2.

#### Runic
Material: Metal, Wood
Through arcane ritual and carefully handiwork, your armour has had runes chiselled into its structure. This armour counts as a Focus for [Will](Spirit#Will) skill tests.    

#### Spiked
Material: Metal, Wood
Your armour includes spines, brambles, or razor sharp edges which may be used to perform an unarmed [Strike](Strength#Strike) attack that deals Piercing damage. This attack occurs automatically when a [Grapple](Special-Combat-Actions#grapple) is initiated involving the character wearing this armour.

#### Well-fitted
Material: Any
Your armour has been custom made to fit your profile, reduce the [Skill Penalty](Armour#Skill%20Penalty) by (+1) to a minimum of 0.  

### 2 Cost Traits

#### Impervious
Material: Any
Your armour possesses special material properties, linings, treatments, or other counter measures to prevent opponents from exploiting weaknesses. Remove one of the [Weaknesses](Armour#Weakness%20and%20Resistance) from the piece of armour.

#### Ironbark
Material: Wood
The wood your armour is made of has extraordinary properties, giving it steel like strength. Increase [Armour Integrity](Armour#Armour%20Integrity) by 1.

#### Mechanical Strength
Material: Machinery
Your armour augments the users movements Count as having 4 [Strength](Strength) when [Dealing Damage](Attacks#Dealing%20Damage) or performing a [Athletics](Strength#Athletics) skill test other than Swimming, but lower [Max Skill](Armour#Skill%20Penalty) by 2. If the character already has 4 [Strength](Strength) instead treat their [Strength](Strength) as 5.

#### Natural Resilience
Material: Leather
Your armour is constructed of the hide of a monstrous or mythical creature and benefits from that creature's natural protection. This armour has an [Armour Integrity](Armour#Armour%20Integrity) of at least 2, and gain [Resistance](Armour#Weakness%20and%20Resistance) to any 2 [Types of Damage](Injury#Types%20of%20Damage), but increase the [Skill Penalty](Armour#Skill%20Penalty) by (-1).

#### Oversized
#TODORethink
Material: Any
Your armour incorporates excessive volumes of additional defensive layers to protect the user at great cost to their mobility. Raise the armour's [Structure](Armour#Structure) by 3 but lower [Max Skill](Armour#Skill%20Penalty) by 2.

#### Perfect Fit
Material: Any
Your armour has been crafted with your precise measures, exact range of motion, and training, techniques, and skill set in mind. Reduce the [Skill Penalty](Armour#Skill%20Penalty) by (+2) to a minimum of 0.  

#### Tempered
#TODORethink
Material: Metal
Your armour has been hardened and strengthened through masterful forcing and precise quenching of the metal. The armour gains [Resistance](Armour#Weakness%20and%20Resistance) [Piercing](Injury#Piercing) and [Rending](Injury#Rending) and 1 [Structure](Armour#Structure). 

#### Warded
Material: Any
Gain [Resistance](Armour#Weakness%20and%20Resistance) to all damage from [Magic](magic) regardless of [Types of Damage](Injury#Types%20of%20Damage)
