Game/Character-Development.md, before:

## Character Development
As you adventure, your character will become stronger. This can happen in a number of ways. When completing quests, you will gain XP. XP in this game stands for “Experience Potential”. During downtime, you can convert XP into character development, whether it be increased skills or new training. Remeber as you gain XP your [heroism](Stats#Heroism) also increases.

When you rest, based on the length of the rest, you will have time which could be spent training. Spending XP to train is either a [downtime activity](Telling-The-Story#Downtime%20Activities) or [evening activity](Telling-The-Story#Evening%20Activities).

### Costs
Different trainings cost a different amount of XP as follows:

| Advancement       | Cost |
| ----------------- | ---- |
| Level 1 Skill     | 2 XP |
| Level 2 Skill     | 2 XP |
| Level 3 Skill     | 4 XP |
| Basic Training    | 2 XP |
| Advanced Training | 4 XP |
| Master Training   | 6 XP | 

### Restrictions
A character can’t learn from nothing. When your character desires to learn / improve a skill or gain training, they need to either learn from someone who already has that qualification or have a well-written manual providing details on their person. 

You only need guidance to start training. If you begin training with someone but then part ways, you can on your own time finish the training. 

#### Types Of Training
There are 24 traditional trainers in Aspirant. These are spread evenly over three disciplines, with 8 subdisciplines each:
* [Combat-Training](Combat-Training)
	* [Keeper](Keeper)
	* [Flurry](Flurry)
	* [Bastion](Bastion)
	* [Duelist](Duelist)
	* [Marksman](Marksman)
	* [Pugilist](Pugilist)
	* [Berserker](Berserker)
	* [Leader](Leader)
* [Magic-Training](Magic-Training)
	* [Abjurer](Abjurer)
	* [Conjurer](Conjurer)
	* [Diviner](Diviner)
	* [Enchanter](Enchanter)
	* [Evoker](Evoker)
	* [Illusionist](Illusionist)
	* [Necromancer](Necromancer)
	* [Transmuter](Transmuter)
* [Trades-Training](Trades-Training)
	* [Performer](Performer)
	* [Chronicler](Chronicler)
	* [Doctor](Doctor)
	* [Hunter](Hunter)
	* [Labourer](Labourer)
	* [Shadow](Shadow)
	* [Scientist](Scientist)
	* [Craftsman](Craftsman)

### Transhumanism
Aside from development of skills and training, a character may also as a game progresses gain abilities from elsewhere. These can take the form of enchantments/blessings, alchemical mutations, and powerful prosthetics.

Mutations/enchantments are strange processes that warp the body and in some cases corrupt the mind. A character can undergo a transhumanist process during downtime.

#### Types
Transhumanist processes come in a few variations. 
- Alchemists can create powerful mutagenic processes that can be surgically implanted.
- Enchanters can create powerful enchantments affecting the body and empowering it.
- Some other forms of magical items, or experiences might bring about such changes.
- Prosthetics with powerful additional abilities, or limb/organ transplants.

#### Prosthetics
Characters in Aspirant may suffer from debilitating injury. To combat this, prosthetics may be installed. Simple prosthetics do not count as transhumanist effects.

#### Toxicity
Each transhumanist affect your character has reduces your [max toxicity](Stats#Max%20Toxicity) by 1. 

#### Acquiring Transhumanist Effects
* Purchased: [Buying](#Buying)
* Found through play: [[Equipment#Looting]]
* Crafted: [[Designing-Weapons]]
* Examples can be found in the #TODOINDEX 

#### Cost
In the case of crafting these things yourself, you will need to determine a relevant set of materials with your GM. A collection of relevant monster organs and other alchemical / magical materials would be expected.

A basic prosthetic which functions approximately as well as a standard limb costs 20 silver and 8 silver for surgery.

Surgery for transhumanist effects is equivalent to Cosmetic Surgery and costs 14 silver. Enchanting rituals for transhumanist effects are equivalent to complex rituals and cost 12 silver.

#### Recovery
After installing a transhumanist effect your character will need a week to recover before being able to receive more. As well, during that week, you will need to be on immunosuppressants (costing an extra silver every day) to aid in the recovery. Without them, your character will count as injured for the duration, be unable to travel themselves, and forfeit any downtime.

Commit message:

Migrate to unified Power stat (#20)
* Training Info, Power Deets

* added master training cost

Game/Character-Development.md, after:

## Character Development
As you adventure, your character will become stronger. This can happen in a number of ways. When completing quests, you will gain XP. XP in this game stands for “Experience Potential”. During downtime, you can convert XP into character development, whether it be increased skills or new training. Remember as you gain XP your [heroism](Stats#Heroism) also increases.

When you rest, based on the length of the rest, you will have time which could be spent training. Spending XP to train is either a [downtime activity](Telling-The-Story#Downtime%20Activities) or [evening activity](Telling-The-Story#Evening%20Activities).

### Costs
Different trainings cost a different amount of XP as follows:

| Advancement       | Cost |
| ----------------- | ---- |
| Level 1 Skill     | 2 XP |
| Level 2 Skill     | 2 XP |
| Level 3 Skill     | 4 XP |
| Basic Training    | 2 XP |
| Advanced Training | 4 XP |
| Master Training   | 6 XP | 

### Restrictions
A character can’t learn from nothing. When your character desires to learn / improve a skill or gain training, they need to either learn from someone who already has that qualification or have a well-written manual providing details on their person. 

You only need guidance to start training. If you begin training with someone but then part ways, you can on your own time finish the training. 

### Training
Basic, advanced, and master training represents powerful new abilities that your character can learn to possess. Trainings can either be:
* Passive - just does something all the time for you.
* Elective - gives you a new ability/option you can use at will.
* Power Based - Requires spending [Power](Stats#Power) to activate.
* Per Downtime - Very powerful abilities that can only be used once before resting in a city.

Training is split into 24 seperate specialized schools over 3 disciplines. Cities, heroes, and ancient tomes will be able to provide access to training.

#### Basic Level Training
Basic training should fundamentally be known by any practitioners of the training school.

#### Advanced Level Training
Advanced training should be known only be those with experience, but should still be relatively ubiquitous.

#### Master Level Training
Master level trainers should be rare and not readily available. A master should be a person of notoriety, and gaining training from them should require more than just an exchange of [Currency](Equipment#Currency).

#### Types Of Training
There are 24 traditional trainers in Aspirant. These are spread evenly over three disciplines, with 8 sub-disciplines each:
* [Combat-Training](Combat-Training)
	* [Keeper](Keeper)
	* [Flurry](Flurry)
	* [Bastion](Bastion)
	* [Duelist](Duelist)
	* [Marksman](Marksman)
	* [Pugilist](Pugilist)
	* [Berserker](Berserker)
	* [Leader](Leader)
* [Magic-Training](Magic-Training)
	* [Abjurer](Abjurer)
	* [Conjurer](Conjurer)
	* [Diviner](Diviner)
	* [Enchanter](Enchanter)
	* [Evoker](Evoker)
	* [Illusionist](Illusionist)
	* [Necromancer](Necromancer)
	* [Transmuter](Transmuter)
* [Trades-Training](Trades-Training)
	* [Performer](Performer)
	* [Chronicler](Chronicler)
	* [Doctor](Doctor)
	* [Hunter](Hunter)
	* [Labourer](Labourer)
	* [Shadow](Shadow)
	* [Scientist](Scientist)
	* [Craftsman](Craftsman)

### Transhumanism
Aside from development of skills and training, a character may also as a game progresses gain abilities from elsewhere. These can take the form of enchantments/blessings, alchemical mutations, and powerful prosthetics.

Mutations/enchantments are strange processes that warp the body and in some cases corrupt the mind. A character can undergo a transhumanist process during downtime.

#### Types
Transhumanist processes come in a few variations. 
- Alchemists can create powerful mutagenic processes that can be surgically implanted.
- Enchanters can create powerful enchantments affecting the body and empowering it.
- Some other forms of magical items, or experiences might bring about such changes.
- Prosthetics with powerful additional abilities, or limb/organ transplants.

#### Prosthetics
Characters in Aspirant may suffer from debilitating injury. To combat this, prosthetics may be installed. Simple prosthetics do not count as transhumanist effects.

#### Toxicity
Each transhumanist affect your character has reduces your [max toxicity](Stats#Max%20Toxicity) by 1. 

#### Acquiring Transhumanist Effects
* Purchased: [Buying](#Buying)
* Found through play: [[Equipment#Looting]]
* Crafted: [[Designing-Weapons]]
* Examples can be found in the #TODOINDEX 

#### Cost
In the case of crafting these things yourself, you will need to determine a relevant set of materials with your GM. A collection of relevant monster organs and other alchemical / magical materials would be expected.

A basic prosthetic which functions approximately as well as a standard limb costs 20 silver and 8 silver for surgery.

Surgery for transhumanist effects is equivalent to Cosmetic Surgery and costs 14 silver. Enchanting rituals for transhumanist effects are equivalent to complex rituals and cost 12 silver.

#### Recovery
After installing a transhumanist effect your character will need a week to recover before being able to receive more. As well, during that week, you will need to be on immunosuppressants (costing an extra silver every day) to aid in the recovery. Without them, your character will count as injured for the duration, be unable to travel themselves, and forfeit any downtime.
