Game/Combat-Training.md, before:

## Combat Training
Combat is a notable part of any adventurers life.
#TODOcopy

### Specialized Schools
Combat is furth seperated into 8 specialized schools:
* [Keeper](Keeper)
* [Flurry](Flurry)
* [Bastion](Bastion)
* [Duelist](Duelist)
* [Marksman](Marksman)
* [Pugilist](Pugilist)
* [Berserker](Berserker)
* [Shadow](Shadow)

Any specialist in one of the above schools can also teach any of the following trainings:

### Basic Training
#### Crossbow Expert
You can reload a crossbow and fire it in the same turn at a -1 to the marksmanship skill test.  

#### Exotic Expert
#TODOLINK
If you have Martial Training, you can use any exotic weapon without penalty.   

#### Giants Hands
You can comfortably wield weapons one size larger in one hand or two.

#### Knight's Vow
You receive a +1 on all combat skill tests, but can never attack an unarmed, unaware or unable to defend themselves opponent. 

#### Pit Fighter
You may substitute your STR with DEX for combat skill tests where relevant.

#### Sunderer
You have access to the combat modifier Sunder. Sunder can be applied to any damaging melee attack or manoeuvre. If you succeed at your attack and your opponent doesn’t evade, whether you injure your opponent, reduce your opponent’s armour integrity by one.

#### Weapon Expert
You receive a +1 to all skill tests involving weapons. 

#### Martial Training
You can use any martial weapons without penalty. 

#### Strapped
You get an additional 4 size worth of belt space.

---

### Advanced Training
#### Bashing
You can opt to make the damage type of any rending or piercing weapon impact instead as part of an attack.

#### Fior Di Battaglia
#TODOoverloaded
When using a weapon of size 4 or greater you may Sweep, Hold, Strike True

Sweep – As a special manoeuvre, you may make a melee skill test. If successful, all enemies in melee with you and within 3m of you need to dodge or be knocked prone.

Hold – A special manoeuvre similar to parry, however if an enemy moves and then attacks you they receive a -2 on their attack.

Strike True - If an enemy is prone, and you make a melee attack against them, you receive a +4 to hit, and you add 3 to your damage roll.

#### Iaido
#TODOoverloaded
When using a one handed weapon with a sheath, you can Quick Draw, Sheath Block, and Reenter Stance.

Quick Draw – If your weapon is sheathed, you can make an attack with +2 bonus to hit. When rolling damage, roll an extra d6 and take the highest roll.

Sheath Block - You can parry and block while your weapon is sheathed.

Reenter Stance – At the end of any attack or manoeuvre, other than quick draw, you may end it by sheathing your Iaido weapon.

#### Master Of Arms
INT times per meditation, you can declare a weapon you are using has an additional trait worth up to 2 trait points. It has that trait for the rest of an encounter. If this is used additional times in a single encounter only the most recently declared Master Of Arms trait counts. 

#### Constant Movement
You can perform reactions during your own turn.

Commit message:

Migrate to unified Power stat (#20)
* Training Info, Power Deets

* added master training cost

Game/Combat-Training.md, after:

## Combat Training
Combat is a notable part of any adventurers life.
#TODOcopy

### Specialized Schools
Combat is furth seperated into 8 specialized schools:
* [Keeper](Keeper)
* [Flurry](Flurry)
* [Bastion](Bastion)
* [Duelist](Duelist)
* [Marksman](Marksman)
* [Pugilist](Pugilist)
* [Berserker](Berserker)
* [Shadow](Shadow)

Any specialist in one of the above schools can also teach any of the following trainings:

### Basic Training
#### Crossbow Expert
You can reload a crossbow and fire it in the same turn at a -1 to the marksmanship skill test.  

#### Exotic Expert
#TODOLINK
If you have Martial Training, you can use any exotic weapon without penalty.   

#### Giants Hands
You can comfortably wield weapons one size larger in one hand or two.

#### Knight's Vow
You receive a +1 on all combat skill tests, but can never attack an unarmed, unaware or unable to defend themselves opponent. 

#### Pit Fighter
You may substitute your STR with DEX for combat skill tests where relevant.

#### Sunderer
You have access to the combat modifier Sunder. Sunder can be applied to any damaging melee attack or manoeuvre. If you succeed at your attack and your opponent doesn’t evade, whether you injure your opponent, reduce your opponent’s armour integrity by one.

#### Weapon Expert
You receive a +1 to all skill tests involving weapons. 

#### Martial Training
You can use any martial weapons without penalty. 

#### Strapped
You get an additional 4 size worth of belt space.

---

### Advanced Training
#### Bashing
You can opt to make the damage type of any rending or piercing weapon impact instead as part of an attack.

#### Fior Di Battaglia
#TODOoverloaded
When using a weapon of size 4 or greater you may Sweep, Hold, Strike True

Sweep – As a special manoeuvre, you may make a melee skill test. If successful, all enemies in melee with you and within 3m of you need to dodge or be knocked prone.

Hold – A special manoeuvre similar to parry, however if an enemy moves and then attacks you they receive a -2 on their attack.

Strike True - If an enemy is prone, and you make a melee attack against them, you receive a +4 to hit, and you add 3 to your damage roll.

#### Iaido
#TODOoverloaded
When using a one handed weapon with a sheath, you can Quick Draw, Sheath Block, and Reenter Stance.

Quick Draw – If your weapon is sheathed, you can make an attack with +2 bonus to hit. When rolling damage, roll an extra d6 and take the highest roll.

Sheath Block - You can parry and block while your weapon is sheathed.

Reenter Stance – At the end of any attack or manoeuvre, other than quick draw, you may end it by sheathing your Iaido weapon.

#### Master Of Arms
You can declare a weapon you are using has an additional trait worth up to 2 trait points. It has that trait for the rest of an encounter. Using this ability costs [Power](Stats#Power) equal to the trait value. If this is used additional times in a single encounter only the most recently declared Master Of Arms trait counts. 

#### Constant Movement
You can perform reactions during your own turn.
