Game/Combat-Turn.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Combat Turn
parent: Combat
nav_order: 2
grand_parent: Telling The Story
---

## Combat Turn
In combat, a turn is a [Character's](#Character) portion of the round. What they are doing is happening in parallel with everyone else, but for simplicity the game takes things in an order determined by [Initiative Value](Combat#Initiative%20Value). On Your turn in combat, you can do basically anything that can feasibly be done in 5 seconds. You are encouraged to get creative and talk to the GM; however, several common scenarios are provided to use as an example. The simple way to think about it though is on your turn, you can either:
- Do an Action (usually involves a skill test).
- Move up to 2 * [Agility](Agility) meters #TODOMovement, then do an action with all skill tests at (-2).
- [Delay](#Delay).

### Delay
When you delay your combat turn, you can instead choose to act after any other character has finished their combat turn. You need to use your delayed action before your next combat turn (this can lead to you taking back to back turns).

### Advanced Turns
There are some advanced things that may become available to you as your character develops that require you to do other things on your turn.

Free actions such as imbibing medicine, declaring combat stances, talking, etc. These free actions need to (unless otherwise specified) be performed before your action.

Control followers. If you have followers they will usually act on your turn and during your turn you can select in what order you all act. However, after starting a character's turn you must finish it before moving on to another character.

### Drawing Equipment and Weapons
Your character typically has 3 types of storage: [belt](Storage#Belt), [Backpack](Storage#Backpack), [Saddlebag](Storage#Saddlebag). These all have different costs for drawing.

### Movement
In general, your movement is as simple as going up to your [Move Speed](Stats#Move%20Speed) in any direction. 

#### Avoiding Obstacles
If there are obstacles in the way of a movement, you can perform a [Grace](Agility#Grace) skill test to attempt to ignore them. Otherwise, you must spend a full turn of movement getting over the obstacles.

Commit message:

Stats Bonuses overhaul and Movement overhaul (#117)
* Everything but attuning to magic items

* Affinity for magic start

* Spell check

Game/Combat-Turn.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Combat Turn
parent: Combat
nav_order: 2
grand_parent: Telling The Story
---

## Combat Turn
In combat, a turn is a [Character's](#Character) portion of the round. What they are doing is happening in parallel with everyone else, but for simplicity the game takes things in an order determined by [Initiative Value](Combat#Initiative%20Value). On Your turn in combat, you can do basically anything that can feasibly be done in 5 seconds. You are encouraged to get creative and talk to the GM; however, several common scenarios are provided to use as an example. The simple way to think about it though is on your turn, you can either:
- Do an [Action](Terminology#Action).
- [Move](#Move)
- [Delay](#Delay).

### Move
In combat, you can either move to get to an [Opponent](Terminology#Opponent) to perform an [Action](Terminology#Action), or to reposition to a different strategic location.

If you are moving towards an enemy, you will suffer a penalty to any [Action](Terminology#Action)



### Delay
When you delay your combat turn, you can instead choose to act after any other character has finished their combat turn. You need to use your delayed action before your next combat turn (this can lead to you taking back to back turns).

### Advanced Turns
There are some advanced things that may become available to you as your character develops that require you to do other things on your turn.

Free actions such as imbibing medicine, declaring combat stances, talking, etc. These free actions need to (unless otherwise specified) be performed before your action.

Control followers. If you have followers they will usually act on your turn and during your turn you can select in what order you all act. However, after starting a character's turn you must finish it before moving on to another character.

### Drawing Equipment and Weapons
Your character typically has 3 types of storage: [belt](Storage#Belt), [Backpack](Storage#Backpack), [Saddlebag](Storage#Saddlebag). These all have different costs for drawing.

### Movement
In general, your movement is as simple as going up to your [Move Speed](Stats#Move%20Speed) in any direction. 

#### Avoiding Obstacles
If there are obstacles in the way of a movement, you can perform a [Grace](Agility#Grace) skill test to attempt to ignore them. Otherwise, you must spend a full turn of movement getting over the obstacles.
