Game/Designing-Armour.md, before:

## Designing [Armour](Armour)
Through play and when creating a character, you may desire to protect yourself with armour. You can use one of the [Example-Armour](Example-Armour) or design your own. Perhaps your village or character has a unique type of armour, or you encounter a blacksmith who has an idea for a unique piece of armour. 

To build a piece of armour:
- Choose the [Quality](#Quality)
- Choose [Materials](#Materials)
- Select a number of [Armour Traits](Armour-Traits) for the armour equal to the amount available based on [Quality](#Quality) and [Materials](#Materials)

### Quality
Armour comes in a variety of qualities based on the skill required to craft.
#### Basic
Basic armour is improvised, hastily constructed, or primitive in nature, but may save your life when no other options are available. 

*Basic armours utilize a single material and have 0 trait points*

#### Martial

Martial armour is expressly built for the hardships of battle. When compared to basic armour, martial armours are more complex and more meticulously constructed often with specific functions in mind.

*Martial armours ultilize 2 materials and have 1 trait points*

#### Exotic

Exotic armours incorporate additional complexity of both materials and design allowing for further specialization of enhanced functionality thanks to the use of rare and advanced materials and expert craftsmanship.

*Exotic armours utilize 2 materials, one of which must be exotic quality, and have 2 trait points*

#### Masterwork

Masterworked armour is a martial or exotic armour of exceptional craftsmanship and design. A piece of masterwork armour gains 1 additional trait point over its martial or exotic counterpart and may take a single [Armour-Trait](Armour-Traits) it does not meet the material requirement for. Masterwork armours must incorporate a material of similiar quality to an exotic armour in their construction.


### Materials
Armour is made of [Materials](Example-Materials), which determine its characteristics, see [Materials](Armour#Materials) for more details. Martial or Exotic [Quality](Armour#Quality) armour will require a small amount of secondary material to reinforce, pad, or affix the primary material to. Materials, whether they be the primary or secondary material, will also give access to material specific [Armour-Traits](Armour-Traits) for Martial and Exotic armours.

#### Material Table
This is a list of the base values an armour with each primary material will have.

| Material  | Max Skill | Structure | Weakness | Resistance |
| --------- | --------- | --------- | -------- | ---------- |
| Textile   | 8         | 1         | Heat     | -          |
| Leather   | 7         | 2         | Life     | -          |
| Wood      | 6         | 3         | Heat     | -          |
| Metal     | 5         | 4         | Cold     | -          | 
| Machinery | 6         | 1         | Impact   | -          |

#### Multiple Materials
 When multiple materials are used, one is treated as the primary material and the other as the secondary material. The armour's base attributes (Weakness, Resistance, Structure, and Max Skill) are determined by the primary material, while the secondary material represents the increase in complexity and robustness of higher quality gear. If the secondary material used is of the same Quality and has a Structure equal to or higher than the primary material, increase the armour's Structure by 1. 
 
### Crafting
A character looking to craft a specific armour requires relevant training as a [Craftsman](Craftsman), requires 3 size worth of the primary material, and 1 size worth of secondary material where applicable. Other bits, unless narratively relevant, are a negligible portion of the cost. Then, the character, as a downtime activity, may spend a day crafting. If they succeed on the [Crafting](Crafting) test, the item is created successfully. If not, they must try again in the future; however, materials are not lost, just time. 

The difficulty of the test is modified as follows:

* Exotic Materials -1
* Traits -1 per each
* Poor facilities -1
* Excellent facilities +1

Commit message:

Materials overhaul (#69)
* Added munitions page, removed spell book

* Rename martial to artisan, add tiers for the 8 basic material types

* Apply suggestions from code review

* Last touches

Game/Designing-Armour.md, after:

## Designing [Armour](Armour)
Through play and when creating a character, you may desire to protect yourself with armour. You can use one of the [Example-Armour](Example-Armour) or design your own. Perhaps your village or character has a unique type of armour, or you encounter a blacksmith who has an idea for a unique piece of armour. 

To build a piece of armour:
- Choose the [Quality](#Quality)
- Choose [Materials](#Materials)
- Select a number of [Armour Traits](Armour-Traits) for the armour equal to the amount available based on [Quality](#Quality) and [Materials](#Materials)

### Quality
Armour comes in a variety of qualities based on the skill required to craft.
#### Basic
Basic armour is improvised, hastily constructed, or primitive in nature, but may save your life when no other options are available. 

*Basic armours utilize a single material and have 0 trait points*

#### Artisan

Artisan armour is expressly built for the hardships of battle. When compared to basic armour, artisan armours are more complex and more meticulously constructed often with specific functions in mind.

*Artisan armours utilize 2 materials and have 1 trait points*

#### Exotic

Exotic armours incorporate additional complexity of both materials and design allowing for further specialization of enhanced functionality thanks to the use of rare and advanced materials and expert craftsmanship.

*Exotic armours utilize 2 materials, one of which must be exotic quality, and have 2 trait points*

#### Masterwork

Master worked armour is an artisan or exotic armour of exceptional craftsmanship and design. A piece of masterwork armour gains 1 additional trait point over its artisan or exotic counterpart, and may take a single [Armour-Trait](Armour-Traits) it does not meet the material requirement for. Masterwork armours must incorporate a material of similar quality to an exotic armour in their construction.


### Materials
Armour is made of [Materials](Materials), which determine its characteristics, see [Materials](Armour#Materials) for more details. Artisan or Exotic [Quality](Armour#Quality) armour will require a small amount of secondary material to reinforce, pad, or affix the primary material to. Materials, whether they be the primary or secondary material, will also give access to material specific [Armour-Traits](Armour-Traits) for Artisan and Exotic armours.

#### Material Table
This is a list of the base values an armour with each primary material will have.

| Material  | Max Skill | Structure | Weakness | Resistance |
| --------- | --------- | --------- | -------- | ---------- |
| Textile   | 8         | 1         | Heat     | -          |
| Leather   | 7         | 2         | Life     | -          |
| Wood      | 6         | 3         | Heat     | -          |
| Metal     | 5         | 4         | Cold     | -          | 
| Machinery | 6         | 1         | Impact   | -          |

#### Multiple Materials
 When multiple materials are used, one is treated as the primary material and the other as the secondary material. The armour's base attributes (Weakness, Resistance, Structure, and Max Skill) are determined by the primary material, while the secondary material represents the increase in complexity and robustness of higher quality gear. If the secondary material used is of the same Quality and has a Structure equal to or higher than the primary material, increase the armour's Structure by 1. 
 
### Crafting
A character looking to craft a specific armour requires relevant training as a [Craftsman](Craftsman), requires 3 size worth of the primary material, and 1 size worth of secondary material where applicable. Other bits, unless narratively relevant, are a negligible portion of the cost. Then, the character, as a downtime activity, may spend a day crafting. If they succeed on the [Crafting](Crafting) test, the item is created successfully. If not, they must try again in the future; however, materials are not lost, just time. 

The difficulty of the test is modified as follows:

* Exotic Materials -1
* Traits -1 per each
* Poor facilities -1
* Excellent facilities +1
