Game/Doctor.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Doctor
parent: Trades Training
grand_parent: Character Development
nav_order: 2
---
## Doctor
One of the 8 [Trades Training](Trades-Training) disciplines.

A medical professional working to provide advanced care to those who are injured and sick. People with doctor training will be: paramedics, nurses, battle medics, shamans, and doctors.

### Basic
#### Autodoc
You can perform invasive [Surgeon](#Surgeon) work on yourself and ignore your own injuries when performing [Medicine](Medicine) skill tests on yourself.

#### Bedside Manner
You receive a +2 on all social interactions with people you have treated since last downtime, and a +1 on all medical tests with people that like you.

#### Doctors Eye
You can always tell how injured a person is (and where). When starting a [Medicine](Medicine) [Project](Skills#Project) you always succeed with at least 1 [Step Of Success](Skills#Step%20Of%20Success).

#### On Ice
You have twice as long to perform medical skill tests on characters before it becomes impossible.

#### Shaman
You count as having a [Trauma Kit](Example-Gear#Trauma%20Kit) even if not carrying one. However, any related medical skill tests are performed at a -2.

#### Speculative Medicine
At the beginning of any combat encounter, you can name a character who you think will be injured during the encounter. Any medical tests you make on that person during and after this combat gets a +3. The person you select also gets +1 to [Composure](Composure) skill tests for the duration of the encounter.

#### Sword Surgeon
When making skill tests with a [Rending](Combat#Rending) weapon, you may substitute your [Medicine](Medicine) skill for melee skill.

#### Long Term Care
As a [Travel Activity](Activities#Travel%20Activity) you can attempt to manage your allies injuries further. This is a [Medicine](Medicine) test which receives a +2 if you have access to a full medical facility. If you succeed on this test any allies ignore their injury penalties until the next [Travel Segment](Telling-The-Story#Travel%20Segment).

---
### Advanced

#### Do No Harm
You receive a +1 to all non-combat skill tests, however to directly harm another thing, you need to first roll a [Resolve](Stats#Resolve) test.

#### Surgeon
You may perform surgery on someone who has suffered lasting injuries to treat them. Surgery, at a minimum, requires a flat surface and [Surgeons Tool Set](Example-Gear#Surgeons%20Tool%20Set). However, you receive a 
* +2 for a sterile environment.
* +1 for monitoring equipment. 
If you have access to any replacement body parts, or mostly intact severed limbs, they can be reapplied as part of surgery. Surgery takes 20 minutes per injury the person has sustained, with chest injuries taking 2 times as long and head injuries taking 3 times as long. The total time in surgery is equal to the sum of all injuries. Surgery is, in general, a medical test at a -1 with an additional negative equal to the character's injury penalty. A successful surgery removes the negative a person is suffering, however they will be at a -1 for an hour as they get out of their daze (this counts as administering medicine). Surgery can only be attempted once, per person, per downtime.


---
### Master

#### Playing God
If you have [Surgeon](#Surgeon), you do not critically fail surgery skill tests on a dice roll of 2. You can also attempt to bring someone who has died from either a critical chest wound, critical wound to the head, or who has received a lethal injury back to life. This is a single medical test you can only perform once, and anyone aiding you must also have Playing God. It must be performed within 10 minutes of the injury occurring and is surgery. Instead of the normal injury penalty for surgery the test is at a -3 for a chest or head wound, -5 for a lethal injury.

#### Trauma Doc
If you successfully use a [Trauma Kit](Example-Gear#Trauma%20Kit) on someone, they no longer have any ongoing negatives from injuries. You can also make a medical test to treat ongoing negatives that were caused by someone else's medical work.

Commit message:

[WIP] Skill Cleanup (#77)
* Incomplete

* Create Temp Skills File.md

* Update Temp Skills File.md

* Update Temp Skills File.md

* More ideas to work through

* More suggestion stuff

* Strength Skills Done

* More STR updates

* Moved Attributes to their own files

* Update references for STR skills

* pre lint

* Linted all files

* Cleanup Link Changes

* Agility Skills Done

* Int Skills Done

* Updated Missed Refs

* Renamed Fellowship to Communication

* Fellowship Skills done

* renamed resolve to spirit

* Res Skills Done

* remove temp files

Game/Doctor.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Doctor
parent: Trades Training
grand_parent: Character Development
nav_order: 2
---
## Doctor
One of the 8 [Trades Training](Trades-Training) disciplines.

A medical professional working to provide advanced care to those who are injured and sick. People with doctor training will be: paramedics, nurses, battle medics, shamans, and doctors.

### Basic
#### Autodoc
You can perform invasive [Surgeon](#Surgeon) work on yourself and ignore your own injuries when performing [Application](Intelligence#Application) skill tests.

#### Bedside Manner
You receive a +2 on all social interactions with people you have treated since last downtime, and a +1 on all medical tests with people that like you.

#### Doctors Eye
You can always tell how injured a person is (and where). When starting a health/medicine related [Project](Skills#Project) you always succeed with at least 1 [Step Of Success](Skills#Step%20Of%20Success).

#### On Ice
You have twice as long to perform medical skill tests on characters before it becomes impossible.

#### Shaman
You count as having a [Trauma Kit](Example-Gear#Trauma%20Kit) even if not carrying one. However, any related medical skill tests are performed at a -2.

#### Speculative Medicine
At the beginning of any combat encounter, you can name a character who you think will be injured during the encounter. Any medical tests you make on that person during and after this combat gets a +3. The person you select also gets +1 to [Identity](Spirit#Identity) skill tests for the duration of the encounter.

#### Sword Surgeon
When making skill tests with a [Rending](Combat#Rending) weapon, you may substitute your [Application](Intelligence#Application) skill for melee skill.

#### Long Term Care
As a [Travel Activity](Activities#Travel%20Activity) you can attempt to manage your allies injuries further. This is a [Application](Intelligence#Application) test which receives a +2 if you have access to a full medical facility. If you succeed on this test any allies ignore their injury penalties until the next [Travel Segment](Telling-The-Story#Travel%20Segment).

---
### Advanced

#### Do No Harm
You receive a +1 to all non-combat skill tests, however to directly harm another thing, you need to first roll a [Spirit](Spirit) test.

#### Surgeon
You may perform surgery on someone who has suffered lasting injuries to treat them. Surgery, at a minimum, requires a flat surface and [Surgeons Tool Set](Example-Gear#Surgeons%20Tool%20Set). However, you receive a 
* +2 for a sterile environment.
* +1 for monitoring equipment. 
If you have access to any replacement body parts, or mostly intact severed limbs, they can be reapplied as part of surgery. Surgery takes 20 minutes per injury the person has sustained, with chest injuries taking 2 times as long and head injuries taking 3 times as long. The total time in surgery is equal to the sum of all injuries. Surgery is, in general, a medical test at a -1 with an additional negative equal to the character's injury penalty. A successful surgery removes the negative a person is suffering, however they will be at a -1 for an hour as they get out of their daze (this counts as administering medicine). Surgery can only be attempted once, per person, per downtime.


---
### Master

#### Playing God
If you have [Surgeon](#Surgeon), you do not critically fail surgery skill tests on a dice roll of 2. You can also attempt to bring someone who has died from either a critical chest wound, critical wound to the head, or who has received a lethal injury back to life. This is a single medical test you can only perform once, and anyone aiding you must also have Playing God. It must be performed within 10 minutes of the injury occurring and is surgery. Instead of the normal injury penalty for surgery the test is at a -3 for a chest or head wound, -5 for a lethal injury.

#### Trauma Doc
If you successfully use a [Trauma Kit](Example-Gear#Trauma%20Kit) on someone, they no longer have any ongoing negatives from injuries. You can also make a medical test to treat ongoing negatives that were caused by someone else's medical work.
