Game/Dynamist.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Dynamist
parent: Character Development
grand_parent: Telling The Story
nav_order: 2
---
## Dynamist
Character who specializes in manipulation of energy and the elements. Creating fire, storms, magical barriers, or disrupting the healing of a troll.

Elementalists are:
* Pyromancers
* Storm Callers
* Sorcerers
* Wizards
* Elementalist

They can generally teach the following training:

### Basic

#### Amateur Dynamancy
Your character can perform [Channelled Magic](Magic#Channelled%20Magic) to:
* Change the temperature of an item abruptly.
* Disrupt a spell of an amateur level. 
* Weaken the abilities or powers of a character/creature.
* Create a shield against a specific element around yourself.
* Attack with magical energy. This attack deals an [Heat](Injury#Heat)/[Cold](Injury#Cold) [Severe Injury](Injury#Severe%20Injury), with [Magic Attack](Magic-Modifiers#Magic%20Attack), and [Multiple Damage Types](Weapon-Traits#Multiple%20Damage%20Types).
* When attacking with a [Magic Attack](Magic-Modifiers#Magic%20Attack) you can use the: [Burning](Magic-Modifiers#Burning), [Lethal](Magic-Modifiers#Lethal), and [Slowing](Magic-Modifiers#Slowing) [Magic-Modifiers](Magic-Modifiers).

 Requires 1 [Magical Energy](Magic#Magical%20Energy) and a [Focus](Example-Gear#Focus)

#### Magical Artillery
Anyone targeted by your [Channelled Magic](Magic#Channelled%20Magic) [Ranged Attack](Terminology#Ranged%20Attack) suffers a (-1) to all [Actions](Terminology#Action) until your next [Combat Turn](Terminology#Combat%20Turn).

#### Magical Dulling
All magical abilities used near you #TODOMovement , including your own, are at a -1.

#### Magic Perception
You can detect magic without needing to look for it with [Insight](Intelligence#Insight).

#### Spell Sword
You may use any [Artisan](Materials#Artisan) or greater [Quality](Weapons#Quality) weapon as a [Focus](Example-Gear#Focus).

#### Vibe Casting
[Will](Spirit#Will) is a [Communication](Communication) skill for you.


---

### Advanced

#### Counter Spell
*[Requirement](Terminology#Requirement): [Amateur Dynamancy](#Amateur%20Dynamancy)*
If another [Character](Terminology#Character) you can see, and within #TODOMovement casts a spell, you may spend a [Reaction](Terminology#Reaction) to disrupt the spell assuming you have the appropriate training. The [Channelled Magic](Magic#Channelled%20Magic) action is at a (-2).

#### Elemental Strike
You may have weapons you [Attack](Terminology#Attack) with have the [Hot](Injury#Hot) or [Cold](Injury#Cold) [Types of Damage](Injury#Types%20of%20Damage).

#### Expert Dynamancy
*[Requirement](Terminology#Requirement): [Amateur Dynamancy](#Amateur%20Dynamancy)*
Your character can perform [Channelled Magic](Magic#Channelled%20Magic) to:
* Change the weather and environment.
* Disrupt a spell of an expert level.
* Temporarily disrupt a curse or enchantment.
* Disable the abilities or powers of a character/creature.
* Create a shield against a specific element around an area.
* Create a simple rule that manipulates reality near you.
* When attacking with a [Magic Attack](Magic-Modifiers#Magic%20Attack) you can use the: [Area](Magic-Modifiers#Area), and [EMP](Magic-Modifiers#EMP) [Magic-Modifiers](Magic-Modifiers).

 Requires 2 [Magical Energy](Magic#Magical%20Energy) and a [Focus](Example-Gear#Focus)

#### Overcharge
*You can pull a dangerous amount of magical energy into yourself.* 
You may suffer a [Vitals](Injury#Vitals) [Severe Injury](Injury#Severe%20Injury) to automatically succeed on any [Will](Spirit#Will) [Action](Terminology#Action).



---

### Master

#### Master Dynamancy
*[Requirement](Terminology#Requirement): [Expert Dynamancy](#Expert%20Dynamancy)*
Your character can perform [Channelled Magic](Magic#Channelled%20Magic) to:
* Change the environment and weather in unnatural and unbelievable ways.
* Disrupt a spell of a master level or a permanent curse/enchantment.
* Reverse the abilities or powers of a character/creature making it a weakness.
* Create more general wards of protection. 
* Create a complex / powerful rule that manipulates reality near you.
* When attacking with a [Magic Attack](Magic-Modifiers#Magic%20Attack) you can use the: [Explosion](Magic-Modifiers#Explosion) [Magic-Modifiers](Magic-Modifiers).

 Requires 3 [Magical Energy](Magic#Magical%20Energy) and a [Focus](Example-Gear#Focus)

Commit message:

Stats Bonuses overhaul and Movement overhaul (#117)
* Everything but attuning to magic items

* Affinity for magic start

* Spell check

Game/Dynamist.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Dynamist
parent: Character Development
grand_parent: Telling The Story
nav_order: 2
---
## Dynamist
Character who specializes in manipulation of energy and the elements. Creating fire, storms, magical barriers, or disrupting the healing of a troll.

Elementalists are:
* Pyromancers
* Storm Callers
* Sorcerers
* Wizards
* Elementalist

They can generally teach the following training:

### Basic

#### Amateur Dynamancy
Your character can perform [Channelled Magic](Magic#Channelled%20Magic) to:
* Change the temperature of an item abruptly.
* Disrupt a spell of an amateur level. 
* Weaken the abilities or powers of a character/creature.
* Create a shield against a specific element around yourself.
* Attack with magical energy. This attack deals an [Heat](Injury#Heat)/[Cold](Injury#Cold) [Severe Injury](Injury#Severe%20Injury), with [Magic Attack](Magic-Modifiers#Magic%20Attack), and [Multiple Damage Types](Weapon-Traits#Multiple%20Damage%20Types).
* When attacking with a [Magic Attack](Magic-Modifiers#Magic%20Attack) you can use the: [Burning](Magic-Modifiers#Burning), [Lethal](Magic-Modifiers#Lethal), and [Slowing](Magic-Modifiers#Slowing) [Magic-Modifiers](Magic-Modifiers).

 Requires 1 [Magical Energy](Magic#Magical%20Energy) and a [Focus](Example-Gear#Focus)

#### Magical Artillery
Anyone targeted by your [Channelled Magic](Magic#Channelled%20Magic) [Ranged Attack](Terminology#Ranged%20Attack) suffers a (-1) to all [Actions](Terminology#Action) until your next [Combat Turn](Terminology#Combat%20Turn).

#### Magical Dulling
All magical abilities used [Close](Movement#Close) to you, including your own, are at a -1.

#### Magic Perception
You can detect magic without needing to look for it with [Insight](Intelligence#Insight).

#### Spell Sword
You may use any [Artisan](Materials#Artisan) or greater [Quality](Weapons#Quality) weapon as a [Focus](Example-Gear#Focus).

#### Vibe Casting
[Will](Spirit#Will) is a [Communication](Communication) skill for you.


---

### Advanced

#### Counter Spell
*[Requirement](Terminology#Requirement): [Amateur Dynamancy](#Amateur%20Dynamancy)*
If another [Character](Terminology#Character) you can see, casts a spell, you may spend a [Reaction](Terminology#Reaction) to disrupt the spell assuming you have the appropriate training. The [Channelled Magic](Magic#Channelled%20Magic) action is at a (-2). This action has a range of [Close](Movement#Close), but can suffer a [Distance Penalty](Attack-Bonuses#Distance%20Penalty).

#### Elemental Strike
You may have weapons you [Attack](Terminology#Attack) with have the [Hot](Injury#Hot) or [Cold](Injury#Cold) [Types of Damage](Injury#Types%20of%20Damage).

#### Expert Dynamancy
*[Requirement](Terminology#Requirement): [Amateur Dynamancy](#Amateur%20Dynamancy)*
Your character can perform [Channelled Magic](Magic#Channelled%20Magic) to:
* Change the weather and environment.
* Disrupt a spell of an expert level.
* Temporarily disrupt a curse or enchantment.
* Disable the abilities or powers of a character/creature.
* Create a shield against a specific element around an area.
* Create a simple rule that manipulates reality near you.
* When attacking with a [Magic Attack](Magic-Modifiers#Magic%20Attack) you can use the: [Area](Magic-Modifiers#Area), and [EMP](Magic-Modifiers#EMP) [Magic-Modifiers](Magic-Modifiers).

 Requires 2 [Magical Energy](Magic#Magical%20Energy) and a [Focus](Example-Gear#Focus)

#### Overcharge
*You can pull a dangerous amount of magical energy into yourself.* 
You may suffer a [Vitals](Injury#Vitals) [Severe Injury](Injury#Severe%20Injury) to automatically succeed on any [Will](Spirit#Will) [Action](Terminology#Action).



---

### Master

#### Master Dynamancy
*[Requirement](Terminology#Requirement): [Expert Dynamancy](#Expert%20Dynamancy)*
Your character can perform [Channelled Magic](Magic#Channelled%20Magic) to:
* Change the environment and weather in unnatural and unbelievable ways.
* Disrupt a spell of a master level or a permanent curse/enchantment.
* Reverse the abilities or powers of a character/creature making it a weakness.
* Create more general wards of protection. 
* Create a complex / powerful rule that manipulates reality near you.
* When attacking with a [Magic Attack](Magic-Modifiers#Magic%20Attack) you can use the: [Explosion](Magic-Modifiers#Explosion) [Magic-Modifiers](Magic-Modifiers).

 Requires 3 [Magical Energy](Magic#Magical%20Energy) and a [Focus](Example-Gear#Focus)
