Game/Example-Armour.md, before:

## Example [Armour](Armour)
* This list is non-exhaustive you can instead design your own [Designing-Armour](Designing-Armour).
* Armour sells for 5 less than the listed cost.
* Armour always costs the value here, it will either be commissioned requiring a day of crafting, or will need refitting still costing 5 silver.

#TODO Stop being a table

### Politicians Plate
*Fancy Fabrics reinforced with metal plates with stylish decals*
Martial armour made from [Textiles](Example-Materials#Textiles) and [Simple Metals](Example-Materials#Simple%20Metals)

| Cost | Max Skill | [Structure](Armour#Structure) | Weakness            | Resistance | Traits                     |
| ---- | --------- | ----------------------------- | ------------------- | ---------- | -------------------------- |
| 23   | 8         | 2                             | [Heat](Combat#Heat) | -          | [Fine](Armour-Traits#Fine) |


---

### Leather
*Simple leathers providing some meaningful protection*
Basic armour made from [Treated Leather](Example-Materials#Treated%20Leather)

| Cost | Max Skill | [Structure](Armour#Structure) | Weakness            | Resistance | Traits                     |
| ---- | --------- | ----------------------------- | ------------------- | ---------- | -------------------------- |
| 15   | 7         | 2                             | [Life](Combat#Life) | -          | [Fine](Armour-Traits#Fine) |

---

### Hammered Iron
*Simple metal hammered into functional plates providing solid protection*
Basic armour made from [Simple Metals](Example-Materials#Simple%20Metals)

| Cost | Max Skill | [Structure](Armour#Structure) | Weakness            | Resistance | Traits |
| ---- | --------- | ----------------------------- | ------------------- | ---------- | ------ |
| 15   | 5         | 4                             | [Cold](Combat#Cold) | -          |        |

---


| Name             | Quality                                                   | Cost | Material(s)                                            | Max Skill | Structure | Weakness                                         | Resistance                                             | Trait(s)                                                                                       |
| ---------------- | --------------------------------------------------------- | ---- | ------------------------------------------------------ | --------- | --------- | ------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Cloth            | [Basic](Armour#Quality)                                   | 15   | [Textiles](Example-Materials#Textiles)                 | 8         | 1         | [Heat](Combat#Heat)                              | -                                                      | -                                                                                              |
| Leather          | [Basic](Armour#Quality)                                   | 15   | [Treated Leather](Example-Materials#Treated%20Leather) | 7         | 2         | [Life](Combat#Life)                              | -                                                      | -                                                                                              |
| Plank            | [Basic](Armour#Quality)                                   | 15   | [Treated Wood](Example-Materials#Treated%20Wood)       | 6         | 3         | [Heat](Combat#Heat)                              | -                                                      | -                                                                                              |
| Hammered Iron    | [Basic](Armour#Quality)                                   | 15   | Simple Metal                                           | 5         | 4         | [Cold](Combat#Cold)                              | -                                                      | -                                                                                              |
| Quilted Cotton   | [Martial](Armour#Quality)                                 | 23   | Textile, Textile                                       | 7         | 3         | [Heat](Combat#Heat)                              | [Impact](Combat#Impact)                                | [Padded](Armour-Traits#Padded)                                                                 |
| Studded Leather  | [Martial](Armour#Quality)                                 | 23   | Treated Leather, Simple Metal                          | 7         | 4         | [Life](Combat#Life)                              | -                                                      | [Reinforced](Armour-Traits#Reinforced)                                                         |
| Hardened Leather | [Martial](Armour#Quality)                                 | 23   | Treated Leather, Treated Leather                       | 7         | 3         | [Life](Combat#Life)                              | [Rending](Combat#Rending)                              | [Hardened](Armour-Traits#Hardened)                                                             |
| Splint Mail      | [Martial](Armour#Quality)                                 | 23   | Treated Leather, Simple Metal                          | 6         | 4         | [Life](Combat#Life)                              |                                                        | [Fortified](Armour-Traits#Fortified)                                                           |
| Scale Mail       | [Martial](Armour#Quality)                                 | 23   | Simple Metal, Simple Metal                             | 6         | 5         | [Cold](Combat#Cold), [Piercing](Combat#Piercing) | [Rending](Combat#Rending)                              | [Mail](Armour-Traits#Mail)                                                                     |
| Brigandine       | [Masterwork](Armour#Masterwork) [Martial](Armour#Quality) | 52   | Advanced Metal, Textile                                | 6         | 4         | [Cold](Combat#Cold)                              | [Impact](Combat#Impact)                                | [Lightweight Materials](Armour-Traits#Lightweight%20Materials), [Padded](Armour-Traits#Padded) |
| Basalisk Skin    | [Exotic](Armour#Quality)                                  | 45   | Monster Leather, Monster Leather                       | 6         | 4         | -                                                | [Rending](Combat#Rending)                              | [Natural Resilience](Armour-Traits#Natural%20Resilience)                                       |
| Elderwood        | [Exotic](Armour#Quality)                                  | 45   | Exotic Wood, Exotic Wood                               | 6         | 6         | [Heat](Combat#Heat)                              | -                                                      | [Ironbark](Armour-Traits#Ironbark)                                                             |
| Warding Cloth    | [Masterwork](Armour#Masterwork) [Exotic](Armour#Quality)  | 55   | Treated Textile, Treated Textile                       | 8         | 2         | [Heat](Combat#Heat)                              | [Magic](magic)                                         | [Fine](Armour-Traits#Fine), [Warded](Armour-Traits#Warded)                                     |
| Dragon Scale     | [Masterwork](Armour#Masterwork) [Exotic](Armour#Quality)  | 55   | Monster Leather, Advanced Metal                        | 8         | 4         | [Life](Combat#Life)                              | [Heat](Combat#Heat)                                    | [Mail](Armour-Traits#Mail), [Natural Resilience](Armour-Traits#Natural%20Resilience)           |
| Full Plate       | [Masterwork](Armour#Masterwork) [Exotic](Armour#Quality)  | 55   | Advanced Metal, Advanced Metal                         | 5         | 6         | -                                                | [Rending](Combat#Rending), [Piercing](Combat#Piercing) | [Insulated](Armour-Traits#Insulated), [Tempered](Armour-Traits#Tempered)                       |

Commit message:

Materials overhaul (#69)
* Added munitions page, removed spell book

* Rename martial to artisan, add tiers for the 8 basic material types

* Apply suggestions from code review

* Last touches

Game/Example-Armour.md, after:

## Example [Armour](Armour)
* This list is non-exhaustive you can instead design your own [Designing-Armour](Designing-Armour).
* Armour sells for 5 less than the listed cost.
* Armour always costs the value here, it will either be commissioned requiring a day of crafting, or will need refitting still costing 5 silver.

#TODO Stop being a table

### Politicians Plate
*Fancy Fabrics reinforced with metal plates with stylish decals*
Artisan armour made from [Artisan Fabric](Materials#Artisan%20Fabric) and [Artisan Metals](Materials#Artisan%20Metals)

| Cost | Max Skill | [Structure](Armour#Structure) | Weakness            | Resistance | Traits                     |
| ---- | --------- | ----------------------------- | ------------------- | ---------- | -------------------------- |
| 23   | 8         | 2                             | [Heat](Combat#Heat) | -          | [Fine](Armour-Traits#Fine) |


---

### Leather
*Simple leathers providing some meaningful protection*
Basic armour made from [Artisan Leather](Materials#Artisan%20Leather)

| Cost | Max Skill | [Structure](Armour#Structure) | Weakness            | Resistance | Traits                     |
| ---- | --------- | ----------------------------- | ------------------- | ---------- | -------------------------- |
| 15   | 7         | 2                             | [Life](Combat#Life) | -          | [Fine](Armour-Traits#Fine) |

---

### Hammered Iron
*Simple metal hammered into functional plates providing solid protection*
Basic armour made from [Artisan Metals](Materials#Artisan%20Metals)

| Cost | Max Skill | [Structure](Armour#Structure) | Weakness            | Resistance | Traits |
| ---- | --------- | ----------------------------- | ------------------- | ---------- | ------ |
| 15   | 5         | 4                             | [Cold](Combat#Cold) | -          |        |

---


| Name             | Quality                                                   | Cost | Material(s)                                            | Max Skill | Structure | Weakness                                         | Resistance                                             | Trait(s)                                                                                       |
| ---------------- | --------------------------------------------------------- | ---- | ------------------------------------------------------ | --------- | --------- | ------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Cloth            | [Basic](Armour#Quality)                                   | 15   | [Textiles](Example-Materials#Textiles)                 | 8         | 1         | [Heat](Combat#Heat)                              | -                                                      | -                                                                                              |
| Leather          | [Basic](Armour#Quality)                                   | 15   | [Treated Leather](Example-Materials#Treated%20Leather) | 7         | 2         | [Life](Combat#Life)                              | -                                                      | -                                                                                              |
| Plank            | [Basic](Armour#Quality)                                   | 15   | [Treated Wood](Example-Materials#Treated%20Wood)       | 6         | 3         | [Heat](Combat#Heat)                              | -                                                      | -                                                                                              |
| Hammered Iron    | [Basic](Armour#Quality)                                   | 15   | Simple Metal                                           | 5         | 4         | [Cold](Combat#Cold)                              | -                                                      | -                                                                                              |
| Quilted Cotton   | [Martial](Armour#Quality)                                 | 23   | Textile, Textile                                       | 7         | 3         | [Heat](Combat#Heat)                              | [Impact](Combat#Impact)                                | [Padded](Armour-Traits#Padded)                                                                 |
| Studded Leather  | [Martial](Armour#Quality)                                 | 23   | Treated Leather, Simple Metal                          | 7         | 4         | [Life](Combat#Life)                              | -                                                      | [Reinforced](Armour-Traits#Reinforced)                                                         |
| Hardened Leather | [Martial](Armour#Quality)                                 | 23   | Treated Leather, Treated Leather                       | 7         | 3         | [Life](Combat#Life)                              | [Rending](Combat#Rending)                              | [Hardened](Armour-Traits#Hardened)                                                             |
| Splint Mail      | [Martial](Armour#Quality)                                 | 23   | Treated Leather, Simple Metal                          | 6         | 4         | [Life](Combat#Life)                              |                                                        | [Fortified](Armour-Traits#Fortified)                                                           |
| Scale Mail       | [Martial](Armour#Quality)                                 | 23   | Simple Metal, Simple Metal                             | 6         | 5         | [Cold](Combat#Cold), [Piercing](Combat#Piercing) | [Rending](Combat#Rending)                              | [Mail](Armour-Traits#Mail)                                                                     |
| Brigandine       | [Masterwork](Armour#Masterwork) [Martial](Armour#Quality) | 52   | Advanced Metal, Textile                                | 6         | 4         | [Cold](Combat#Cold)                              | [Impact](Combat#Impact)                                | [Lightweight Materials](Armour-Traits#Lightweight%20Materials), [Padded](Armour-Traits#Padded) |
| Basalisk Skin    | [Exotic](Armour#Quality)                                  | 45   | Monster Leather, Monster Leather                       | 6         | 4         | -                                                | [Rending](Combat#Rending)                              | [Natural Resilience](Armour-Traits#Natural%20Resilience)                                       |
| Elderwood        | [Exotic](Armour#Quality)                                  | 45   | Exotic Wood, Exotic Wood                               | 6         | 6         | [Heat](Combat#Heat)                              | -                                                      | [Ironbark](Armour-Traits#Ironbark)                                                             |
| Warding Cloth    | [Masterwork](Armour#Masterwork) [Exotic](Armour#Quality)  | 55   | Treated Textile, Treated Textile                       | 8         | 2         | [Heat](Combat#Heat)                              | [Magic](magic)                                         | [Fine](Armour-Traits#Fine), [Warded](Armour-Traits#Warded)                                     |
| Dragon Scale     | [Masterwork](Armour#Masterwork) [Exotic](Armour#Quality)  | 55   | Monster Leather, Advanced Metal                        | 8         | 4         | [Life](Combat#Life)                              | [Heat](Combat#Heat)                                    | [Mail](Armour-Traits#Mail), [Natural Resilience](Armour-Traits#Natural%20Resilience)           |
| Full Plate       | [Masterwork](Armour#Masterwork) [Exotic](Armour#Quality)  | 55   | Advanced Metal, Advanced Metal                         | 5         | 6         | -                                                | [Rending](Combat#Rending), [Piercing](Combat#Piercing) | [Insulated](Armour-Traits#Insulated), [Tempered](Armour-Traits#Tempered)                       |
