Game/How-To-Play.md, before:

## How-To-Play
### Dice
In Aspirant, every action is resolved by rolling 2d6 + modifier. In every case, there will be a relevant skill and stat associated with the action being attempted. To obtain your modifier, add your skill value + stat value - difficulty = modifier (where difficulty is assigned by the DM and defaults to 0). After determining the modifier, you then roll and if roll + modifier >= 10 you succeed and otherwise you fail. A roll of 2 on 2d6 always counts as a failure.

Common modifiers include: rushed (-1), high pressure (-1), non-trivial (-1), complicated task (-2), challenging (-3), hellish task (-5), impossible task (-7).

There are some special dice rolls which you will be called upon to perform. A few of these include damage, determining where people are hit and initiative. These will be explained in detail within this book.

NOTE, The rules provided within this section are not supposed to be exhaustive. This is a set of guidelines to give players and game masters an idea of what is possible, and how it should be determined. Generally, you should try to never say “no” to a player's impulse. You should inform them of the difficulty of a task and from there they can make an informed decision on if they want to progress.

### [[Stats]]
### [[Skills]]
### [[Telling-The-Story]]
### [[Combat]]
### [[Injury]]
### [[Treating-Injury]]
### [[Magic]]

Commit message:

Complete Transcribe (#7)
* Lots more links, trainings added

* Everything should be copied over

Game/How-To-Play.md, after:

## How To Play
### Dice
In Aspirant, every action is resolved by rolling 2d6 + modifier. In every case, there will be a relevant skill and stat associated with the action being attempted. To obtain your modifier, add your skill value + stat value - difficulty = modifier (where difficulty is assigned by the DM and defaults to 0). After determining the modifier, you then roll and if roll + modifier >= 10 you succeed and otherwise you fail. A roll of 2 on 2d6 always counts as a failure.

Common modifiers include: rushed (-1), high pressure (-1), non-trivial (-1), complicated task (-2), challenging (-3), hellish task (-5), impossible task (-7).

There are some special dice rolls which you will be called upon to perform. A few of these include damage, determining where people are hit and initiative. These will be explained in detail within this book.

NOTE, The rules provided within this section are not supposed to be exhaustive. This is a set of guidelines to give players and game masters an idea of what is possible, and how it should be determined. Generally, you should try to never say “no” to a player's impulse. You should inform them of the difficulty of a task and from there they can make an informed decision on if they want to progress.

### Heroes
**These rules are assumed by default but can be ignored if the players want a more gritty and dangerous game. **

Your characters are heroes. The following is true of them:
- Characters never roll to test if they survive injuries. The impact of any injury is immediate and obvious, heroes don’t get infections.
- Heroes can’t instantly die from an attack. Any attack that would kill a hero outright, including critical head injuries, failed torso critical injuries and lethal injuries of any kind, instead immediately leave the character unconscious and bleeding to death with similar lethality to any critical injury.

### [[Stats]]
### [[Skills]]
### [[Telling-The-Story]]
### [[Combat]]
### [[Injury]]
### [[Treating-Injury]]
### [[Magic]]
