Game/Injury.md, before:

## Injury

| Injury Type     | Immediate Effect | Become Wounded | Chance Of Death                              |
| --------------- | ---------------- | -------------- | -------------------------------------------- |
| Minimal Injury  | If Fail Strength | No             | No                                           |
| Severe Injury   | If Fail Strength | Yes            | No                                           |
| Critical Injury | Yes              | Yes            | Guaranteed In Head, Chance In Body (Heroism) |
| Lethal Injury   | Death            | Yes            | Always                                       |

Humans don’t have hit points. A character's armour takes the role of their safety net to injury, once it is gone when attacked and harmed you suffer injuries. Whenever something is injured the injury can be of the magnitude of: None (N), Mimal Injury (M), Severe Injury (S), Critical Injury (C), Lethal Injury (L).

### Minimal Injury (M)
An attack that causes a minimal injury causing bleeding, bruising or burns. After taking a minimal injury you will usually need to make a strength test to not immediately fall over, collapse, drop what you were holding etc.

### Severe Injury (S)
Severe injuries need medical attention quickly. Can involve broken bones, and severe lacerations. After taking a severe injury there is only so long you can fight before you pass out. After taking a severe injury you will usually need to make a strength test to not immediately fall over, collapse, drop what you were holding etc. Also consider yourself Wounded.

### Critical Injury (C)
Critical injuries pose an immediate threat to your life. You are left severely bleeding, unconscious, burning, etc. as well you will have completely lost use of the damaged limb which will need to be replaced and you will suffer the negative effect of the injury (no strength test to resist). If you take a critical injury to the chest you must make a resolve test or die. A critical injury to the head immediately kills you. Consider yourself Wounded your resolve test starts at -1.

### Lethal Injury (L)
A lethal injury always means death to a normal sized creature and represents a complete failure or their necessary systems for survival. Usually weapons that cause immediate death are known for their large amounts of collateral damage.

### Immediate Effects
Immediate effects are what happens to you immediately as you are harmed by an enemy. All injury types inflict one of these but you will sometimes get to roll to ignore the effect. The usual immediate effects to each limb are as follows: 

| Body Part | Effect                                                           |
| --------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Legs      | Knocked Prone, -1 to movement rating next turn.                  |
| Arms      | Drop What you are holding, -1 to actions with that arm next turn |
| Chest     | -2 to all actions next turn                                      |
| Head      | Stunned for 1 turn                                               |

### Heroes
Your characters are heroes. Heroes can’t instantly die from an attack. Any attack that would kill a hero outright, including critical head injuries, failed torso critical injuries and lethal injuries of any kind, instead immediately leave the character unconscious and bleeding to death with similar lethality to any critical injury.

### Bleeding and Burning
In general, rending and piercing weapons that cause severe and critical injuries will cause bleeding as will critical impact injuries. Exothermic injuries will catch you on fire.

A person will die of blood loss if they don’t receive first aid or stabilization within 10 minutes of blood loss from a severe injury and will die within 3 minutes of blood loss from a critical injury if they don’t receive first aid or stabilization.

Assuming you have been put out, burns will not immediately kill you but are a risk for later.

### Being Wounded
If your character is injured, they only have so long before they pass out/collapse. In general on each combat turn you are wounded after you have performed your action you make a resolve + heroism test to see if you can continue to fight at a reasonable level (the use of medication and stabilization can cause you to ignore this). If you fail this test you fall unconscious. For every severe injury after the first add a -1 to the test for every critical injury add -2 to the test.

### Lingering Pain
After someone is Wounded, whether they pass out or stay conscious they will suffer long term effects. Once the combat ends you will take negatives to any skill tests. Critical injuries give a -3 to all tests and Severe injuries give a -2 to all tests. This lasts until your characters gets to [rest](Telling-The-Story#Resting).

### Managing Injuries
Aside from the trauma of being injured in the field there are also other immediate risks to a person who has been injured and they will need treatment to stay healthy or remain alive (depending on severity).

When determining difficulty of [medicine](Skills#Medicine) skill tests and negatives for any injuries you just count the injury that would give you the largest negative/penalty. Multiple injuries don’t provide cumulative negatives.

#### Stabilization
Even if you aren’t trained in medicine as long as you have access to a trauma kit or first aid kit you may attempt to stabilize someone's injuries. This is a very basic test which means they are no longer bleeding, their burns have been covered, etc. This is a medicine test with a modifier of (0) and passing/failing this test will influence whether a person survives their injuries when they finish a mission. Whether or not you succeed on your stabilization test a person will no longer be bleeding to death. A stabilization test must take place within 10 minutes of receiving the injuries for a person to receive the bonuses of stabilization on later medical tests.

#### First Aid
A trained medical professional with a trauma kit can perform first aid to alleviate the immediate effects of injuries. This is in the form of ointments and medicines to reduce pain, braces, stitching and other solutions. When you make a first aid test it is at an additional negative equal to the character's injury penalty. If you succeed, reduce their injury penalty by 1 and they count as stabilized for the effects of long term care. If you fail a first aid test you may still attempt to stabilize the person.

#### Surgery
If you have time you may also perform surgery on someone who has suffered lasting injuries to treat them. Surgery at a minimum requires a flat surface and a trauma kit. However you receive a +2 for having surgical tools, a +2 for a sterile environment, a +1 for monitoring equipment and a +1 for taking double the time. If you have access to any replacement body parts they can be reapplied as part of surgery. Surgery takes 20 minutes per injury the person has sustained with chest injuries taking 2 times as long and head injuries taking 3 times as long. The total time in surgery is equal to the sum of all injuries. Surgery is in general a medical test at a -3 with an additional negative equal to the character's injury penalty. A successful surgery removes the negative a person is suffering however they will be at a -1 for an hour as they get out of their daze (this counts as administering medicine). If you fail a surgery test the person does not get better and counts as having a “failed surgery” when determining if they survive their injuries long term.

#### Long Term Care
If a person sleeps after becoming wounded or otherwise has a large amount of down time it is expected that a medical professional should take care of them. This is a medical test which receives a +2 if you have access to a full medical facility. If you succeed on this regular difficulty medical test the person's injury negatives are reduced by 1 until they need long term care again. Even if you fail this medical test a person still counts as receiving long term care for surviving their injuries.

Commit message:

First Aid kit has it's own rules

Game/Injury.md, after:

## Injury

| Injury Type     | Immediate Effect | Become Wounded | Chance Of Death                              |
| --------------- | ---------------- | -------------- | -------------------------------------------- |
| Minimal Injury  | If Fail Strength | No             | No                                           |
| Severe Injury   | If Fail Strength | Yes            | No                                           |
| Critical Injury | Yes              | Yes            | Guaranteed In Head, Chance In Body (Heroism) |
| Lethal Injury   | Death            | Yes            | Always                                       |

Humans don’t have hit points. A character's armour takes the role of their safety net to injury, once it is gone when attacked and harmed you suffer injuries. Whenever something is injured the injury can be of the magnitude of: None (N), Mimal Injury (M), Severe Injury (S), Critical Injury (C), Lethal Injury (L).

### Minimal Injury (M)
An attack that causes a minimal injury causing bleeding, bruising or burns. After taking a minimal injury you will usually need to make a strength test to not immediately fall over, collapse, drop what you were holding etc.

### Severe Injury (S)
Severe injuries need medical attention quickly. Can involve broken bones, and severe lacerations. After taking a severe injury there is only so long you can fight before you pass out. After taking a severe injury you will usually need to make a strength test to not immediately fall over, collapse, drop what you were holding etc. Also consider yourself Wounded.

### Critical Injury (C)
Critical injuries pose an immediate threat to your life. You are left severely bleeding, unconscious, burning, etc. as well you will have completely lost use of the damaged limb which will need to be replaced and you will suffer the negative effect of the injury (no strength test to resist). If you take a critical injury to the chest you must make a resolve test or die. A critical injury to the head immediately kills you. Consider yourself Wounded your resolve test starts at -1.

### Lethal Injury (L)
A lethal injury always means death to a normal sized creature and represents a complete failure or their necessary systems for survival. Usually weapons that cause immediate death are known for their large amounts of collateral damage.

### Immediate Effects
Immediate effects are what happens to you immediately as you are harmed by an enemy. All injury types inflict one of these but you will sometimes get to roll to ignore the effect. The usual immediate effects to each limb are as follows: 

| Body Part | Effect                                                           |
| --------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Legs      | Knocked Prone, -1 to movement rating next turn.                  |
| Arms      | Drop What you are holding, -1 to actions with that arm next turn |
| Chest     | -2 to all actions next turn                                      |
| Head      | Stunned for 1 turn                                               |

### Heroes
Your characters are heroes. Heroes can’t instantly die from an attack. Any attack that would kill a hero outright, including critical head injuries, failed torso critical injuries and lethal injuries of any kind, instead immediately leave the character unconscious and bleeding to death with similar lethality to any critical injury.

### Bleeding and Burning
In general, rending and piercing weapons that cause severe and critical injuries will cause bleeding as will critical impact injuries. Exothermic injuries will catch you on fire.

A person will die of blood loss if they don’t receive first aid or stabilization within 10 minutes of blood loss from a severe injury and will die within 3 minutes of blood loss from a critical injury if they don’t receive first aid or stabilization.

Assuming you have been put out, burns will not immediately kill you but are a risk for later.

### Being Wounded
If your character is injured, they only have so long before they pass out/collapse. In general on each combat turn you are wounded after you have performed your action you make a resolve + heroism test to see if you can continue to fight at a reasonable level (the use of medication and stabilization can cause you to ignore this). If you fail this test you fall unconscious. For every severe injury after the first add a -1 to the test for every critical injury add -2 to the test.

### Lingering Pain
After someone is Wounded, whether they pass out or stay conscious they will suffer long term effects. Once the combat ends you will take negatives to any skill tests. Critical injuries give a -3 to all tests and Severe injuries give a -2 to all tests. This lasts until your characters gets to [rest](Telling-The-Story#Resting).

### Managing Injuries
Aside from the trauma of being injured in the field there are also other immediate risks to a person who has been injured and they will need treatment to stay healthy or remain alive (depending on severity).

When determining difficulty of [medicine](Skills#Medicine) skill tests and negatives for any injuries you just count the injury that would give you the largest negative/penalty. Multiple injuries don’t provide cumulative negatives.

#### Stabilization
Even if you aren’t trained in medicine and don't have the proper tools you may still attempt to stabilize someone's injuries. This is a very basic test which means they are no longer bleeding, their burns have been covered, etc. This is a [medicine](Skills#Medicine%20(INT)) test with a modifier of (0). No matter the result of the skill test the person is no longer at risk of immediately dying, but they get an additional -1 to their [injury penalty](#Lingering%20Pain). 

#### Surgery
If you have time you may also perform surgery on someone who has suffered lasting injuries to treat them. Surgery at a minimum requires a flat surface and surgical tools. However you receive a +2 for having surgical tools, a +2 for a sterile environment, a +1 for monitoring equipment and a +1 for taking double the time. If you have access to any replacement body parts they can be reapplied as part of surgery. Surgery takes 20 minutes per injury the person has sustained with chest injuries taking 2 times as long and head injuries taking 3 times as long. The total time in surgery is equal to the sum of all injuries. Surgery is in general a medical test at a -3 with an additional negative equal to the character's injury penalty. A successful surgery removes the negative a person is suffering however they will be at a -1 for an hour as they get out of their daze (this counts as administering medicine). If you fail a surgery test the person does not get better and counts as having a “failed surgery” when determining if they survive their injuries long term.

#### Long Term Care
If a person sleeps after becoming wounded or otherwise has a large amount of down time it is expected that a medical professional should take care of them. This is a [medicine](Skills#Medicine%20(INT)) test which receives a +2 if you have access to a full medical facility. If you succeed on this test the person's injury negatives are reduced by 1 until the next evening.
