Game/Keeper.md, before:

## Keeper
One of the 8 [combat training](Combat-Training) disciplines.
#TODOcopy

### Basic
#### Mounted Expert
No penalties for fighting on horseback with a weapon of size 3 or greater.

#### Trampler
When charging an opponent on horseback, you receive +2 damage.

#### Houndmaster
If you have the With Me #TODOLINK training, you can control animals in combat like NPC’s.

#### Pack Animals
Animals that you own / have controll of may be fit with saddlebags.

#### Proper Packing
Your saddlebags can hold an additional 6 size of items.

---

### Advanced

#### Battle Mount
When in melee on a horse, you may as a free action have the horse attack with either its teeth or back legs.

#### Horse Control
When you or your horse are attacked while mounted, you may choose which of you any attack targets. You may also perform reactions to protect your horse against attacks.

---

### Master
#### Zoologist
You get a +2 on all interactions with animals. You can communicate comfortably with non-intelligent animals as though you were speaking the same language.

Commit message:

Mounts + Table Cleanup (#31)
* Mount Trainings

* Reorganize some services stuff

* Additional Table Details

Game/Keeper.md, after:

## Keeper
One of the 8 [combat training](Combat-Training) disciplines.
#TODOcopy

### Basic
#### Mounted Expert
No penalties for performing [Character Activity On Mount](Mounts#Character%20Activity%20On%20Mount).

#### Trampler
When charging an opponent on [Mount](Mounts), you receive +2 damage.

#### Houndmaster
If you have the [With Me](Leader#With%20Me) training, you can control animals in combat like NPC’s.

#### Pack Animals
Animals that you own / have controll of may be fit with saddlebags.

#### Proper Packing
Your saddlebags can hold an additional 6 size of items.

---

### Advanced

#### Battle Mount
When in melee on a [Mount](Mounts), you may as a free action have the [Mount](Mounts) attack.

#### Mount Control
When you or your [Mount](Mounts) are attacked while mounted, you may choose which of you any attack targets. You may also perform reactions to protect your [Mount](Mounts) against attacks.

#### Strange Riding
If you have [Mounted Expert](#Mounted%20Expert) you recieve the same bonuses while your mount is moving in a way other than moving on ground.

> Flight, Swimming, Teleporting, Scaling walls.

---

### Master

#### Wild Mount
You can comfortably ride any wild creature that you have befriended or have adequately controlled with a [Wranglers Kit](Example-Gear#Wranglers%20Kit), without additional gear or domestication.

#### Zoologist
You get a +2 on all interactions with animals. You can communicate comfortably with non-intelligent animals as though you were speaking the same language.
