Game/Knight.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Knight
parent: Character Development
grand_parent: Telling The Story
nav_order: 2
---
## Knight
A character who specializes in heavy armour, and mounted combat.

Knights are: 
* Nobles.
* Knights.
* Mounted riders.
* Heavily armoured soldiers.

They can generally teach the following training:

### Basic

#### Bury Them
If an enemy is on the ground, and you make a [Melee Attack](Terminology#Melee%20Attack) against them, you deal +1 [Damage](Terminology#Damage).

#### Blocking
When someone performs an [Attack](Terminology#Attack) where you are the [Opponent](Terminology#Opponent), if you are [In Melee](Terminology#In%20Melee) you may [Substitute](Terminology#Substitute) your [Strike](Strength#Strike) for [Reflexes](Agility#Reflexes).

#### Fight Defensively
You may declare you are fighting in a defensive stance as a [Free Action](Terminology#Free%20Action) at the beginning of your [Combat Turn](Terminology#Combat%20Turn), you remain in a defensive stance until the start of your next [Combat Turn](Terminology#Combat%20Turn). While fighting defensively, you receive a +2 to all skill tests that are [Reaction](Terminology#Reaction), and a -2 to all attack skill tests.

#### Knight's Vow
You receive a (+1) on all [Combat Skill Test](Terminology#Combat%20Action), but can never attack an unarmed, unaware or unable to defend themselves [Opponent](Terminology#Opponent). 

#### Mounted Expert
No penalties for performing [Character Activity On Mount](Mounts#Character%20Activity%20On%20Mount), while riding on ground.

#### Perfect Fit
You have 1 additional [Armour Integrity](Armour#Armour%20Integrity).

#### Phalanx
When wielding a [Shield](Terminology#Shield), and [In Melee](Terminology#In%20Melee) with an [Ally](Terminology#Ally), you and [Allies](Terminology#Ally) you are in melee with get a +1 to [Reflexes](Agility#Reflexes) skill tests.

#### Protector
You can spend a [Reaction](Terminology#Reaction) to retarget an attack targeting another [Character](Terminology#Character) you are [In Melee](Terminology#In%20Melee) with. You can then do another [Reaction](Terminology#Reaction) without spending a [Reaction](Terminology#Reaction).

#### Quick Saddles
While [Mounted](Terminology#Mounted), you may draw from your [Saddlebag](Storage#Saddlebag) as you would draw from your [Belt](Storage#Belt).

#### Shield Expert
While wielding a [Shield](Terminology#Shield), it also provides the arm holding it, head, and torso with additional [Armour](Armour) that cannot be used against [Melee Attacks](Terminology#Melee%20Attack). A standard shield has no weaknesses or resistances, and its armour integrity is 4.

#### Steel Wall
If a [Character](Terminology#Character) performs a [Mitigated Attack](Terminology#Mitigated%20Attack) on you, that enemy cannot perform attacks against you until your next turn.

#### Terminator
You cannot be forced to move or knocked over.

#### Trampler
While [Mounted](Terminology#Mounted) when [Charging](Attack-Bonuses#Charging) #TODOMovement , you can cause an [Impact](Injury#Impact) [Ancillary](Injury#Ancillary) [Critical Injury](Injury#Critical%20Injury).


---

### Advanced

#### Bash
When you [Avoid](Reacting-To-Attacks#Avoid) attacks from opponents [In Melee](Terminology#In%20Melee), if you succeed, the opponent must pass a [Grace](Agility#Grace) [Opposed Difficulty(strike)](Skills#Opposed%20Difficulty) or be knocked prone.

#### Battle Mount
When [In Melee](Terminology#In%20Melee) and [Mounted](Terminology#Mounted), you may as a [Free Action](Terminology#Free%20Action) have the [Mount](Mounts) [Attack](Terminology#Attack).

#### Iron Curtain
If you have not made an [Attack](Terminology#Attack) during your [Combat Turn](Terminology#Combat%20Turn) and are wielding a [Shield](Terminology#Shield), you may [Parry](Special-Combat-Actions#Parry) as a [Free Action](Terminology#Free%20Action) as your turn ends.

#### Mount Control
When you or your [Mount](Mounts) are attacked while [Mounted](Terminology#Mounted), you may choose which of you any attack targets. Your mount also gets a [Reaction](Terminology#Reaction).

#### Roll With The Punches
After you opponent achieves a [Non-mitigated Attack](Terminology#Non-mitigated%20Attack), you may drop prone to reduce the [Damage](Terminology#Damage) by 1.

#### Second Skin
You ignore [Max Skill](Armour#Skill%20Penalty) for any [Armour](Armour) you wear.

#### Strange Riding
Your [Mounted Expert](#Mounted%20Expert) training applies to exotic forms of travel while [Mounted](Terminology#Mounted).

> Flight, Swimming, Teleporting, Scaling Walls, Burrowing

#### Sweep
As a [Melee Attack](Terminology#Melee%20Attack), you may make a [Strike](Strength#Strike) [[Skills#Fixed Difficulty]](0). If this is a [Non-mitigated Attack](Terminology#Non-mitigated%20Attack), all [Opponents](Terminology#Opponent) [In Melee](Terminology#In%20Melee) with you and within 3m #TODOMovement of you are knocked prone, they don't suffer [Injury](Injury).

---

### Master

#### Master Block
You get an additional [Reaction](Terminology#Reaction) on each of your [Combat Turns](Terminology#Combat%20Turn).

#### People’s Champion
Once per [Downtime](Telling-The-Story#Downtime), may ignore any injury as though it didn’t occur.

#### Wild Mount
You can comfortably use as a [Mount](Mounts) any wild creature that you have befriended or have adequately controlled with a [Wranglers Kit](Example-Gear#Wranglers%20Kit), without additional gear or domestication.

Commit message:

Stats Bonuses overhaul and Movement overhaul (#117)
* Everything but attuning to magic items

* Affinity for magic start

* Spell check

Game/Knight.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Knight
parent: Character Development
grand_parent: Telling The Story
nav_order: 2
---
## Knight
A character who specializes in heavy armour, and mounted combat.

Knights are: 
* Nobles.
* Knights.
* Mounted riders.
* Heavily armoured soldiers.

They can generally teach the following training:

### Basic

#### Bury Them
If an enemy is on the ground, and you make a [Melee Attack](Terminology#Melee%20Attack) against them, you deal +1 [Damage](Terminology#Damage).

#### Blocking
When someone performs an [Attack](Terminology#Attack) where you are the [Opponent](Terminology#Opponent), if you are [In Melee](Terminology#In%20Melee) you may [Substitute](Terminology#Substitute) your [Strike](Strength#Strike) for [Reflexes](Agility#Reflexes).

#### Fight Defensively
You may declare you are fighting in a defensive stance as a [Free Action](Terminology#Free%20Action) at the beginning of your [Combat Turn](Terminology#Combat%20Turn), you remain in a defensive stance until the start of your next [Combat Turn](Terminology#Combat%20Turn). While fighting defensively, you receive a +2 to all skill tests that are [Reaction](Terminology#Reaction), and a -2 to all attack skill tests.

#### Knight's Vow
You receive a (+1) on all [Combat Skill Test](Terminology#Combat%20Action), but can never attack an unarmed, unaware or unable to defend themselves [Opponent](Terminology#Opponent). 

#### Mounted Expert
No penalties for performing [Character Activity On Mount](Mounts#Character%20Activity%20On%20Mount), while riding on ground.

#### Perfect Fit
You have 1 additional [Armour Integrity](Armour#Armour%20Integrity).

#### Phalanx
When wielding a [Shield](Terminology#Shield), and [In Melee](Terminology#In%20Melee) with an [Ally](Terminology#Ally), you and [Allies](Terminology#Ally) you are in melee with get a +1 to [Reflexes](Agility#Reflexes) skill tests.

#### Protector
You can spend a [Reaction](Terminology#Reaction) to retarget an attack targeting another [Character](Terminology#Character) you are [In Melee](Terminology#In%20Melee) with. You can then do another [Reaction](Terminology#Reaction) without spending a [Reaction](Terminology#Reaction).

#### Quick Saddles
While [Mounted](Terminology#Mounted), you may draw from your [Saddlebag](Storage#Saddlebag) as you would draw from your [Belt](Storage#Belt).

#### Shield Expert
While wielding a [Shield](Terminology#Shield), it also provides the arm holding it, head, and torso with additional [Armour](Armour) that cannot be used against [Melee Attacks](Terminology#Melee%20Attack). A standard shield has no weaknesses or resistances, and its armour integrity is 4.

#### Steel Wall
If a [Character](Terminology#Character) performs a [Mitigated Attack](Terminology#Mitigated%20Attack) on you, that enemy cannot perform attacks against you until your next turn.

#### Terminator
You cannot be forced to move or knocked over.


---

### Advanced

#### Bash
When you [Avoid](Reacting-To-Attacks#Avoid) attacks from opponents [In Melee](Terminology#In%20Melee), if you succeed, the opponent must pass a [Grace](Agility#Grace) [Opposed Difficulty(strike)](Skills#Opposed%20Difficulty) or be knocked prone.

#### Battle Mount
When [In Melee](Terminology#In%20Melee) and [Mounted](Terminology#Mounted), you may as a [Free Action](Terminology#Free%20Action) have the [Mount](Mounts) [Attack](Terminology#Attack).

#### Iron Curtain
If you have not made an [Attack](Terminology#Attack) during your [Combat Turn](Terminology#Combat%20Turn) and are wielding a [Shield](Terminology#Shield), you may [Parry](Special-Combat-Actions#Parry) as a [Free Action](Terminology#Free%20Action) as your turn ends.

#### Mount Control
When you or your [Mount](Mounts) are attacked while [Mounted](Terminology#Mounted), you may choose which of you any attack targets. Your mount also gets a [Reaction](Terminology#Reaction).

#### Roll With The Punches
After you opponent achieves a [Non-mitigated Attack](Terminology#Non-mitigated%20Attack), you may drop prone to reduce the [Damage](Terminology#Damage) by 1.

#### Second Skin
You ignore [Max Skill](Armour#Skill%20Penalty) for any [Armour](Armour) you wear.

#### Strange Riding
Your [Mounted Expert](#Mounted%20Expert) training applies to exotic forms of travel while [Mounted](Terminology#Mounted).

> Flight, Swimming, Teleporting, Scaling Walls, Burrowing

#### Sweep
As a [Melee Attack](Terminology#Melee%20Attack), you may make a [Strike](Strength#Strike) [[Skills#Fixed Difficulty]](0). If this is a [Non-mitigated Attack](Terminology#Non-mitigated%20Attack), all [Opponents](Terminology#Opponent) within [Reach](Movement#Reach) of you are knocked [Prone](Effects#Prone), they don't suffer [Injury](Injury).

#### Trampler
While [Mounted](Terminology#Mounted) if you move within [Reach](Movement#Reach) of an [Opponent](Terminology#Opponent), you can perform a [Mannerism](Communication#Mannerism) [Fixed Difficulty](Skills#Fixed%20Difficulty)(0) to [Attack](Terminology#Attack) for an [Impact](Injury#Impact) [Ancillary](Injury#Ancillary) [Critical Injury](Injury#Critical%20Injury).

---

### Master

#### Master Block
You get an additional [Reaction](Terminology#Reaction) on each of your [Combat Turns](Terminology#Combat%20Turn).

#### People’s Champion
Once per [Downtime](Telling-The-Story#Downtime), may ignore any injury as though it didn’t occur.

#### Wild Mount
You can comfortably use as a [Mount](Mounts) any wild creature that you have befriended or have adequately controlled with a [Wranglers Kit](Example-Gear#Wranglers%20Kit), without additional gear or domestication.
