Game/Magic-Training.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Magic Training
parent: Character Development
nav_order: 2
has_children: true
---
## Magic-Training
One of the three greater [Training](Character-Development#Types%20Of%20Training) disciplines.

Characters with the skills of [Channel](Channel) or [Ritual](Ritual) and some training in magical disciplines can perform powerful feats of magic.

### Specialized Schools
Magic is further separated into 8 specialized schools:
* [Abjurer](Abjurer)
* [Conjurer](Conjurer)
* [Diviner](Diviner)
* [Enchanter](Enchanter)
* [Evoker](Evoker)
* [Illusionist](Illusionist)
* [Transmuter](Transmuter)
* [Vitomancer](Vitomancer)

Any specialist in one of the above schools can also teach any of the following trainings:

### Basic Training

#### Blood Rituals
You may attempt a ritual without 1 of the requirements and replace it with an amount of blood.

#### Attuned
Your character has a basic understanding of magic. 

When wielding a [Focus](Example-Gear#Focus), your character can perform simple cantrips of magic and operate magical items using the [Channel](Channel) skill. When wielding a [Reagent Bag](Example-Gear#Reagent%20Bag), your character can aid in rituals of magic and operate magical structures and places of power using the [Ritual](Ritual) skill. Your [Knowledge](Knowledge) extends to magic. With further training, you could learn to do greater acts of magic.

#### Distant Channelling
You gain access to the Far magical trait for spell attacks. Your narrative magic abilities have double the range before they suffer negatives.

#### Focus Trap
You can set psychic abilities to trigger in response to something (a person walking through a door, saying a word etc.) if you are knocked unconscious or distracted, your traps fail. This gives you access to the Trap magical trait for spell attacks.

#### Human Spellbook
You are an expert in a specific ritual of your choice, which you can perform at will. If this ritual is simple enough, you may also not need the reagents.

#### Intellectual Methods
When performing rituals and ritual spells, you may substitute your [Intelligence](Stats#Intelligence) for [Resolve](Stats#Resolve).

#### Silent Channelling
You do not need to speak to [Channel](Channel) magic.

#### Spell Sword
You may use any [Artisan](Materials#Artisan) or greater [Quality](Weapons#Quality) [Melee](Melee) weapon as a [Focus](Example-Gear#Focus).

#### Still Channelling
You do not need to move your hands to [Channel](Channel).

#### Vibe Casting
When performing [Channel](Channel) skill tests, you may count your [Resolve](Stats#Resolve) as the same value as your [Fellowship](Stats#Fellowship).

---
### Advanced

#### Overcharge
You can pull a dangerous amount of magical energy into yourself. You may suffer a severe head injury to substitute a 10 on any [Channel](Channel) skill test dice roll.

#### Powerful Mind
You can [Maintaining Focus](Channel#Maintaining%20Focus) on two spells simultaneously.

Commit message:

[WIP] Skill Cleanup (#77)
* Incomplete

* Create Temp Skills File.md

* Update Temp Skills File.md

* Update Temp Skills File.md

* More ideas to work through

* More suggestion stuff

* Strength Skills Done

* More STR updates

* Moved Attributes to their own files

* Update references for STR skills

* pre lint

* Linted all files

* Cleanup Link Changes

* Agility Skills Done

* Int Skills Done

* Updated Missed Refs

* Renamed Fellowship to Communication

* Fellowship Skills done

* renamed resolve to spirit

* Res Skills Done

* remove temp files

Game/Magic-Training.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Magic Training
parent: Character Development
nav_order: 2
has_children: true
---
## Magic-Training
One of the three greater [Training](Character-Development#Types%20Of%20Training) disciplines.

Characters with the skills of [Will](Spirit#Will) or [Attunement](Spirit#Attunement) and some training in magical disciplines can perform powerful feats of magic.

### Specialized Schools
Magic is further separated into 8 specialized schools:
* [Abjurer](Abjurer)
* [Conjurer](Conjurer)
* [Diviner](Diviner)
* [Enchanter](Enchanter)
* [Evoker](Evoker)
* [Illusionist](Illusionist)
* [Transmuter](Transmuter)
* [Vitomancer](Vitomancer)

Any specialist in one of the above schools can also teach any of the following trainings:

### Basic Training

#### Blood Rituals
You may attempt a ritual without 1 of the requirements and replace it with an amount of blood.

#### Attuned
Your character has a basic understanding of magic. 

When wielding a [Focus](Example-Gear#Focus), your character can perform simple cantrips of magic and operate magical items using the [Will](Spirit#Will) skill. When wielding a [Reagent Bag](Example-Gear#Reagent%20Bag), your character can aid in rituals of magic and operate magical structures and places of power using the [Attunement](Spirit#Attunement) skill. Your [Memory](Intelligence#Memory) extends to magic. With further training, you could learn to do greater acts of magic.

#### Distant Channelling
You gain access to the Far magical trait for spell attacks. Your narrative magic abilities have double the range before they suffer negatives.

#### Focus Trap
You can set psychic abilities to trigger in response to something (a person walking through a door, saying a word etc.) if you are knocked unconscious or distracted, your traps fail. This gives you access to the Trap magical trait for spell attacks.

#### Human Spellbook
You are an expert in a specific ritual of your choice, which you can perform at will. If this ritual is simple enough, you may also not need the reagents.

#### Intellectual Methods
When performing rituals and ritual spells, you may substitute your [Intelligence](Intelligence) for [Spirit](Spirit).

#### Silent Channelling
You do not need to speak to [Will](Spirit#Will) magic.

#### Spell Sword
You may use any [Artisan](Materials#Artisan) or greater [Quality](Weapons#Quality) [Strike](Strength#Strike) weapon as a [Focus](Example-Gear#Focus).

#### Still Channelling
You do not need to move your hands to [Will](Spirit#Will).

#### Vibe Casting
When performing [Will](Spirit#Will) skill tests, you may count your [Spirit](Spirit) as the same value as your [Communication](Communication).

---
### Advanced

#### Overcharge
You can pull a dangerous amount of magical energy into yourself. You may suffer a severe head injury to substitute a 10 on any [Will](Spirit#Will) skill test dice roll.

#### Powerful Mind
You can [Maintaining Focus](Channel#Maintaining%20Focus) on two spells simultaneously.
