Game/Magic-Items.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Magic Items
grand_parent: Telling The Story
nav_order: 2
has_children: false
parent: Magic
---

# Magic Items

In Aspirant magic items should be unique, interesting and full of lore. There are very few ways to deal more damage or have more HP, so magic items should be more narrative and require creative thinking.

- A sword that glows blue in the presence of Orks.
- A monocle that gives X-ray vision.
- A torch that never goes out.

## Binding

Enchanted and magical items need to be grounded to a [Character](Core/Terminology#Character) to work. This process requires either:

- A successful [Ascendancy](Core/Spirit#Ascendancy) [Fixed Difficulty](Core/Skills#Fixed%20Difficulty)(0).
- An [Expert Commission](Services#Expert%20Commissions).

A [Character](Core/Terminology#Character) can bind to a number of items up to their [Affinity](Game/Blocks/Affinity). You can bind to an item once per [Downtime](Telling-The-Story#Downtime).

## Categories

Magic items come in three categories based on their power.

### Ephemeral

Magic items that are ephemeral are ubiquitous and barely magical. These items have been imbued with temporary magic that can be used only once, or only a few times. After that, the item ceases to be magic.

> A sword that can be engulfed in flames for a fiery strike.
> A coin that lets you teleport home.

### Harmonic

Magic items that have magic abilities that are related to the original function are considered harmonic. Harmonic items disrupt the physical world in ways still aligned with the item's expected function, meaning they aren't as difficult to create.

> A sword that cuts peoples souls.
> A map that shows you where you are on it.

### Discordant

Magic items that have magic abilities that are unrelated to the original function are considered discordant. Discordant items disrupt the physical world in ways that are unaligned with the item's expected function, meaning they are harder to create. These items aren't more powerful necessarily than [Harmonic](#Harmonic), but they are more erratic.

> A backpack that expels large spews of fire.
> A shield that lets you speak any language.

## Designing Magic Items

When you create a magic item, it should:

- Have a beneficial power or ability. This can be passive or require activation.
- Have some visual distinction for this power.
- Based on the power level of the benefit, it should have a [Drawback](#Drawback) or catch.

### Drawback

Your item's drawback shouldn't be crippling, the item shouldn't feel cursed. The drawback should add some flavour or maybe lead to interesting or problematic scenarios.

The drawback to [Ephemeral](#Ephemeral) items is usually that they can be exhausted.

> Perhaps boots that give you the ability to jump massive distances make your feet smell like an ogres.

### Player Crafted Magic Items

Should follow the same rules as above, but [The Players](How-To-Play#The%20Players) and [GM](How-To-Play#GM) should collaborate to come up with a power and drawback.

Commit message:

V.3 Pt. 1 (#164)
* more skill changes

* Update Designing-Weapons.md

* Exotic Updates

* Bound Item Details

* Start of example gear

* linting

* Update Gear

* Pre Lint Rename

* Linting

* Armour Design Overhaul

* Armours updated to new rules

* Hunter and Enthusiast

* Rename Reaction Penalty

* Knight Done

* Commander Done

* Move interests

* Assassin done

* Paladin Stuff

* Update Core

* Page cleanup for the site

Game/Magic-Items.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Magic Items
grand_parent: How To Play
nav_order: 2
has_children: false
parent: Magic
---

# Magic Items

In Aspirant magic items should be unique, interesting and full of lore. There are very few ways to deal more damage or have more HP, so magic items should be more narrative and require creative thinking.

- A sword that glows blue in the presence of Orks.
- A monocle that gives X-ray vision.
- A torch that never goes out.

## Binding

Enchanted and magical items that are worn or otherwise functionally take no space on your person need to be grounded to a [Character](Core/Terminology#Character) to work. This process requires either:

- A successful [Ascendancy](Game/Core/Intuition#Ascendancy) [Fixed Difficulty](Core/Skills#Fixed%20Difficulty)(0).
- An [Expert Commission](Services#Expert%20Commissions).

A [Character](Core/Terminology#Character) can bind to a number of items up to their [Affinity](Game/Blocks/Affinity). You can bind to an item once per [Downtime](Telling-The-Story#Downtime).

> A amulet or suit of magic armour needs binding, a magic sword does not.

## Categories

Magic items come in three categories based on their power.

### Ephemeral

Magic items that are ephemeral are ubiquitous and barely magical. These items have been imbued with temporary magic that can be used only once, or only a few times. After that, the item ceases to be magic.

> A sword that can be engulfed in flames for a fiery strike.
> A coin that lets you teleport home.

### Harmonic

Magic items that have magic abilities that are related to the original function are considered harmonic. Harmonic items disrupt the physical world in ways still aligned with the item's expected function, meaning they aren't as difficult to create.

> A sword that cuts peoples souls.
> A map that shows you where you are on it.

### Discordant

Magic items that have magic abilities that are unrelated to the original function are considered discordant. Discordant items disrupt the physical world in ways that are unaligned with the item's expected function, meaning they are harder to create. These items aren't more powerful necessarily than [Harmonic](#Harmonic), but they are more erratic.

> A backpack that expels large spews of fire.
> A shield that lets you speak any language.

## Designing Magic Items

When you create a magic item, it should:

- Have a beneficial power or ability. This can be passive or require activation.
- Have some visual distinction for this power.
- Based on the power level of the benefit, it should have a [Drawback](#Drawback) or catch.

### Drawback

Your item's drawback shouldn't be crippling, the item shouldn't feel cursed. The drawback should add some flavour or maybe lead to interesting or problematic scenarios.

The drawback to [Ephemeral](#Ephemeral) items is usually that they can be exhausted.

> Perhaps boots that give you the ability to jump massive distances make your feet smell like an ogres.

### Player Crafted Magic Items

Should follow the same rules as above, but [The Players](How-To-Play#The%20Players) and [GM](How-To-Play#GM) should collaborate to come up with a power and drawback.
