Game/Marksman.md, before:

## Marksman
One of the 8 [combat training](Combat-Training) disciplines.
#TODOcopy 

### Basic

#### Efficient Rounds
When you miss with ammunition, it is always [salvageable](Resources#Salvaging).

#### Improvised Munitions
As an [evening activities](Telling-The-Story#Evening%20Activity), you can scavenge 1d6 ammunition for a ranged weapon. This ammo makes the weapon deal 2 less damage, and may potentially remove traits, though that is at the discretion of the GM. 

#### Olympian
You can throw an item at the end of a charge, receiving the bonuses. 

#### Pin Down
After performing a ranged attack or manoeuvre targeting an enemy, they need to make a resolve test to move until your next action. 

#### Quarterback
You can throw weapons and objects designed to be thrown twice the normal range. You can throw any object not designed to be thrown your normal thrown range.

#### Armed To The Teeth
You can carry twice the consumables or ammo in the same amount of size on your belt. So, as an example, if 10 arrows are 2 size, you may carry 20 arrows as 2 size.

---
### Advanced

#### Double Tap
You can Double Tap as a special manoeuvre.

When you Double Tap, make two ranged attacks on the same person at a -2 to each. The enemy can as a single reaction attempt to avoid both attacks. 

#### Eradicate
You gain access to the eradicate special manoeuvre An eradicate manoeuvre is a ranged attack that costs 3 ammo is at a -2 for the skill test, can’t be combined with any other special manoeuvres, you can’t apply the called shot combat modifier to it, and you always count as rolling a 6 on the damage for this attack. 

#### Marksman
No negative on called shots with ranged or thrown weapons if you do nothing else during your turn.

#### Point Man
While using a ranged weapon, you get a +1 to overwatch skill tests, no negative to delaying your action and can continue to overwatch after firing.

#### Rapid Training
#TODOoverloaded 
When using a ranged weapon that can fire multiple times, you can Tight Spread and Hail Fire 

Tight Spread - A ranged attack expending 2 ammo and dealing +1 damage.

Hail Fire - A ranged attack, expending 4 ammo, and getting a guaranteed hit with no chance to evade. Hail Fire can’t be used with called shots.

#### Desperado
#TODOoverloaded
When using a weapon with the Black Powder trait you can parry and block melee attacks, on the first turn of combat receive a +2 to initiative and can disarming shot and fan fire. 

Disarming Shot: a ranged special manoeuvre that otherwise is the same as the regular disarm manoeuvre. 

Fan Fire: A special manoeuvre where you may make a ranged attack on any number of targets within a 45 degree cone and up to 2 comfortable range increments. For each target beyond the first each attack is at a -2 to hit.

Commit message:

Training Reorg (#32)
* Everything but trades complete

* Trades done too

Game/Marksman.md, after:

## Marksman
One of the 8 [combat training](Combat-Training) disciplines.
#TODOcopy 

### Basic

#### Efficient Rounds
When you miss with ammunition, it is always [salvageable](Resources#Salvaging).

#### Improvised Munitions
As an [evening activities](Telling-The-Story#Evening%20Activity), you can scavenge 1d6 ammunition for a ranged weapon. This ammo makes the weapon deal 2 less damage, and may potentially remove traits, though that is at the discretion of the GM. 

#### Olympian
You can throw an item at the end of a charge, receiving the bonuses. 

#### Pin Down
After performing a ranged attack or manoeuvre targeting an enemy, they need to make a resolve test to move until your next action. 

#### Quarterback
You can throw weapons and objects designed to be thrown twice the normal range. You can throw any object not designed to be thrown your normal thrown range.

#### Armed To The Teeth
You can carry twice the consumables or ammo in the same amount of size on your belt. So, as an example, if 10 arrows are 2 size, you may carry 20 arrows as 2 size.

---
### Advanced

#### Double Tap
As a [Special Manoeuvre](Combat#Special%20Manoeuvres), make two ranged attacks on the same person at a -2 to each. The enemy can as a single reaction attempt to avoid both attacks. 

#### Eradicate
As a [Special Manoeuvre](Combat#Special%20Manoeuvres) you can make a ranged attack that costs 3 ammo is at a -2 for the skill test, can’t be combined with any other special manoeuvres, you can’t apply the called shot combat modifier to it, and you always count as rolling a 6 on the damage for this attack. 

#### Point Man
While using a ranged weapon, you get a +1 to overwatch skill tests, no negative to delaying your action and can continue to overwatch after firing.

#### Disarming Shot
A ranged [Special Manoeuvre](Combat#Special%20Manoeuvres) that otherwise is the same as the regular [Disarm](Combat#Disarm) manoeuvre. 

---

### Master
#### Marksman
No negative on [Called Shot](Combat#Called%20Shot) with ranged or thrown weapons if you do nothing else during your turn.

#### Fan Fire
A special manoeuvre where you may make a ranged attack on any number of targets within a 45 degree cone and up to 2 comfortable range increments. For each target beyond the first each attack is at a -2 to hit. If your weapon needs reloading between shots add the penalty for reloading in the turn.
