Game/Mercenary.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Mercenary
parent: Character Development
grand_parent: Telling The Story
nav_order: 2
---
## Mercenary
A character who specialize in fighting targets using their mastery of weapons.

Mercenaries are: 
* Swords for hire.
* Adventurers.
* Foot soldiers.
* Duellists.

They can generally teach the following training:

### Basic

#### Comfortable Footing
During your [Combat Turn](Terminology#Combat%20Turn) you can perform an [Action](Terminology#Action) while moving without suffering a penalty.

#### Defensive Combatant
You receive a (+1) to [Avoid](Reacting-To-Attacks#Avoid) and [Parry](Special-Combat-Actions#Parry) skill tests.

#### Defensive Offhand
When wielding two weapons of [Size](Weapons#Size) 2 or less, the smaller of the two counts as having the [Balanced](Weapon-Traits#Balanced) trait.

#### Deflect
You receive the benefits of your wielded weapon traits to [Avoid](Reacting-To-Attacks#Avoid) non-[Melee Attacks](Terminology#Melee%20Attack). 

#### Feint
Enemies receive a (-1) to [Reaction](Terminology#Reaction) skill tests against you.

#### Fight Smart
You may use your [Intelligence](Intelligence) instead of [Strength](Strength) for [Combat Skill Test](Terminology#Combat%20Action) and [Calculating Damage](Attacks#Calculating%20Damage).

#### Flowing Defence
You receive a (+1) to [Reaction](Terminology#Reaction) skill tests per [Mitigated Attack](Terminology#Mitigated%20Attack) targeting you this [Combat Round](Terminology#Combat%20Round).

#### Head Down
If you move during your [Combat Turn](Terminology#Combat%20Turn), [Characters](Terminology#Character) suffer a (-2) to skill tests for ranged attacks targeting you until your next [Combat Turn](Terminology#Combat%20Turn).

#### Lash Out
After performing a [Melee Attack](Terminology#Melee%20Attack) you may perform a [Thrown Attack](Terminology#Thrown%20Attack). 
#### Pit Fighter
You may your [Agility](Agility) instead of [Strength](Strength) for [Combat Skill Test](Terminology#Combat%20Action) and [Calculating Damage](Attacks#Calculating%20Damage).

#### Sole Combatant
You receive a (+1) to all [Combat Skill Test](Terminology#Combat%20Action) when [In Melee](Terminology#In%20Melee) with only 1 other [Character](Terminology#Character).
Enemies don’t receive benefits for [Outnumbering](Attack-Bonuses#Outnumbered) you.

#### Weapon Expert
You receive a (+1) to all [Actions](Terminology#Action) involving weapons. 



---

### Advanced

#### Ambidextrous
When holding two weapons/items during combat, you can take a single [Action](Terminology#Action) with each weapon, though any skill test suffers a (-1).

#### Bashing
You can opt to make the damage type of any [Rending](Injury#Rending) or [Piercing](Injury#Piercing) weapon cause [Impact](Injury#Impact) injuries instead.

#### Circle Parry
When you [Parry](Special-Combat-Actions#Parry) your opponent suffers a (-2).

#### Quick Draw
During your [Combat Turn](Terminology#Combat%20Turn) you may spend 2 [Power](Stats#Power) to make an attack with a [Size](Weapons#Size) 1 [Weapon](Weapons) as a [Free Action](Terminology#Free%20Action).


---

### Master

#### Dance Of Death
While armed with only a one-handed [Weapon](Weapons), you can Dance Of Death.

Dance Of Death - On your [Combat Turn](Terminology#Combat%20Turn), as a [Free Action](Terminology#Free%20Action), you may declare you are using dance of death and every [Opponent](Terminology#Opponent) [In Melee](Terminology#In%20Melee) with you must make a [Grace](Agility#Grace) [Fixed Difficulty(0)](Skills#Fixed%20Difficulty). 
* If they succeed, whenever you move any distance they must choose to either move with you or take an immediate [Severe Injury](Injury#Severe%20Injury) to the legs. 
* If they fail, they suffer a [Severe Injury](Injury#Severe%20Injury) to the legs. 
Dance of death lasts until your next [Combat Turn](Terminology#Combat%20Turn).

#### Master Of Arms
You can declare a weapon you are using has an additional trait worth up to 2 trait points. It has that trait for the rest of an encounter. Using this ability costs [Power](Stats#Power) equal to the trait value. If this is used additional times in a single encounter only the most recently declared Master Of Arms trait counts. 

#### Riposte
After an [Opponent](Terminology#Opponent) [In Melee](Terminology#In%20Melee) with you, makes a [Mitigated Attack](Terminology#Mitigated%20Attack) against you, you may make an [Attack](Terminology#Attack) against them.

#### Whirlwind
On your [Combat Turn](Terminology#Combat%20Turn) can make an attack against a number of [Characters](Terminology#Character) you are [In Melee](Terminology#In%20Melee) with, up to your [Agility](Agility) in total characters.


---

Commit message:

Initiative Cleanup (#114)
* Initiative Cleanup

* Spelling

Game/Mercenary.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Mercenary
parent: Character Development
grand_parent: Telling The Story
nav_order: 2
---
## Mercenary
A character who specialize in fighting targets using their mastery of weapons.

Mercenaries are: 
* Swords for hire.
* Adventurers.
* Foot soldiers.
* Duellists.

They can generally teach the following training:

### Basic

#### Comfortable Footing
During your [Combat Turn](Terminology#Combat%20Turn) you can perform an [Action](Terminology#Action) while moving without suffering a penalty.

#### Defensive Combatant
You receive a (+1) to [Avoid](Reacting-To-Attacks#Avoid) and [Parry](Special-Combat-Actions#Parry) skill tests.

#### Defensive Offhand
When wielding two weapons of [Size](Weapons#Size) 2 or less, the smaller of the two counts as having the [Balanced](Weapon-Traits#Balanced) trait.

#### Deflect
You receive the benefits of your wielded weapon traits to [Avoid](Reacting-To-Attacks#Avoid) non-[Melee Attacks](Terminology#Melee%20Attack). 

#### Feint
Enemies receive a (-1) to [Reaction](Terminology#Reaction) skill tests against you.

#### Fight Smart
You may use your [Intelligence](Intelligence) instead of [Strength](Strength) for [Combat Skill Test](Terminology#Combat%20Action) and [Calculating Damage](Attacks#Calculating%20Damage).

#### Flowing Defence
You receive a (+1) to [Reaction](Terminology#Reaction) skill tests per [Mitigated Attack](Terminology#Mitigated%20Attack) targeting you this [Combat Round](Terminology#Combat%20Round).

#### Head Down
If you move during your [Combat Turn](Terminology#Combat%20Turn), [Characters](Terminology#Character) suffer a (-2) to skill tests for ranged attacks targeting you until your next [Combat Turn](Terminology#Combat%20Turn).

#### Lash Out
After performing a [Melee Attack](Terminology#Melee%20Attack) you may perform a [Thrown Attack](Terminology#Thrown%20Attack). 
#### Pit Fighter
You may your [Agility](Agility) instead of [Strength](Strength) for [Combat Skill Test](Terminology#Combat%20Action) and [Calculating Damage](Attacks#Calculating%20Damage).

#### Sole Combatant
You receive a (+1) to all [Combat Skill Test](Terminology#Combat%20Action) when [In Melee](Terminology#In%20Melee) with only 1 other [Character](Terminology#Character).
Enemies don’t receive benefits for [Outnumbering](Attack-Bonuses#Outnumbered) you.

#### Weapon Expert
You receive a (+1) to all [Actions](Terminology#Action) involving weapons. 

### Head On A Swivel
You may [Substitute](Terminology#Substitute) [Insight](Intelligence#Insight) for [Reflexes](Agility#Reflexes) when calculating [Initiative Value](Combat#Initiative%20Value).



---

### Advanced

#### Ambidextrous
When holding two weapons/items during combat, you can take a single [Action](Terminology#Action) with each weapon, though any skill test suffers a (-1).

#### Bashing
You can opt to make the damage type of any [Rending](Injury#Rending) or [Piercing](Injury#Piercing) weapon cause [Impact](Injury#Impact) injuries instead.

#### Circle Parry
When you [Parry](Special-Combat-Actions#Parry) your opponent suffers a (-2).

#### Quick Draw
During your [Combat Turn](Terminology#Combat%20Turn) you may spend 2 [Power](Stats#Power) to make an attack with a [Size](Weapons#Size) 1 [Weapon](Weapons) as a [Free Action](Terminology#Free%20Action).


---

### Master

#### Dance Of Death
While armed with only a one-handed [Weapon](Weapons), you can Dance Of Death.

Dance Of Death - On your [Combat Turn](Terminology#Combat%20Turn), as a [Free Action](Terminology#Free%20Action), you may declare you are using dance of death and every [Opponent](Terminology#Opponent) [In Melee](Terminology#In%20Melee) with you must make a [Grace](Agility#Grace) [Fixed Difficulty(0)](Skills#Fixed%20Difficulty). 
* If they succeed, whenever you move any distance they must choose to either move with you or take an immediate [Severe Injury](Injury#Severe%20Injury) to the legs. 
* If they fail, they suffer a [Severe Injury](Injury#Severe%20Injury) to the legs. 
Dance of death lasts until your next [Combat Turn](Terminology#Combat%20Turn).

#### Master Of Arms
You can declare a weapon you are using has an additional trait worth up to 2 trait points. It has that trait for the rest of an encounter. Using this ability costs [Power](Stats#Power) equal to the trait value. If this is used additional times in a single encounter only the most recently declared Master Of Arms trait counts. 

#### Riposte
After an [Opponent](Terminology#Opponent) [In Melee](Terminology#In%20Melee) with you, makes a [Mitigated Attack](Terminology#Mitigated%20Attack) against you, you may make an [Attack](Terminology#Attack) against them.

#### Whirlwind
On your [Combat Turn](Terminology#Combat%20Turn) can make an attack against a number of [Characters](Terminology#Character) you are [In Melee](Terminology#In%20Melee) with, up to your [Agility](Agility) in total characters.


---
