Game/Mounts.md, before:

## Mounts
A mount is critical [[Equipment]] for an adventurer. Moving with just the storage on your back would waste precious time and space. Generally, mounts consist of different breeds of horses, however more exotic mounts with special abilities aren’t unheard of.

Mounts provide a few core benefits
- Faster land travel
- Additional storage
- Potential combat use   

Mounts of all kinds have 3 primary stats. When you need to make a skill test on behalf of your mount, you will generally roll Relevant Stat + [Husbandry](Husbandry)

### Mobility
How well your mount moves. Any time your mount needs to avoid something, jump, rush to a location, this is the relevant attribute.

### Toughness
How well your mount handles stress and pain. Any time your mount tries to shake off injury, charge into danger, or calm itself, this is the relevant attribute.

### Combat
How well your mount fights and battles. Any time your mount needs to defend itself, this is the relevant attribute. 

### Equipment
Additionally, any mount that you can use effectively is expected to have a saddle. For exotic mounts this could mean custom construction. Additionally, mounts may have saddlebags which expand your storage and barding which works as armour.

Commit message:

Mounts + Table Cleanup (#31)
* Mount Trainings

* Reorganize some services stuff

* Additional Table Details

Game/Mounts.md, after:

## Mounts
A mount is critical [[Equipment]] for an adventurer. Moving with just the storage on your back would waste precious time and space. Generally, mounts consist of different breeds of horses, however more exotic mounts with special abilities aren’t unheard of.

Mounts provide a few core benefits
- Faster land travel
- Additional storage
- Potential combat use   

Mounts of all kinds have 3 primary stats. When you need to make a skill test on behalf of your mount, you will generally roll Relevant Stat + [Husbandry](Husbandry)

### Mobility
How well your mount moves. Any time your mount needs to avoid something, jump, rush to a location, this is the relevant attribute.

### Toughness
How well your mount handles stress and pain. Any time your mount tries to shake off injury, charge into danger, or calm itself, this is the relevant attribute.

### Combat
How well your mount fights and battles. Any time your mount must defend itself, this is the relevant attribute. 

### Traits
Mounts can also have special traits which give them additional power, stuff like other modes of travel, special attacks, or additional resiliency.

### Equipment
Additionally, any mount that you can use effectively is expected to have a saddle. For exotic mounts, this could mean custom construction. Additionally, mounts may have a [Saddlebag](Storage#Saddlebag) which expand your storage and barding #TODOcopy which works as armour.

### Character Activity On Mount
While mounted and moving around any non-riding activities your character makes are at a -2. This can be mitigated with [Mounted Expert](Keeper#Mounted%20Expert)

> This includes combat, skilled labour, and even awareness

### Mount Prices
A mount's value in [Currency](Equipment#Currency) is determined by its stats.

| Stat Value | Price |
| ---------- | ----- |
| 1          | 20    |
| 2          | 35    |
| 3          | 55    |
| 4          | 80    |
| 5          | 110   | 

> So, a mount with 4 Mobility, 2 Toughness, and 3 Combat would cost $80+35+55=170$

Traits additionally increase cost by somewhere between 20-50 silver.

### Acquiring Mounts
* Purchased from a merchant [Mount Prices](#Mount%20Prices)
* [Found through play](Equipment#Looting)
* Training with [Husbandry](Husbandry)
