Game/Rogue.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Rogue
parent: Character Development
grand_parent: Telling The Story
nav_order: 2
---
## Rogue
A character who specializes in outwitting opponents with tools, positioning, and equipment.

Rogues are: 
* Thieves
* Assassins
* Marksman
* Trappers
* Hunters

They can generally teach the following training:

### Basic

#### Armed To The Teeth
You can carry twice the [Comestibles](Comestibles) in the same amount of size on your [Belt](Storage#Belt). 

> if 10 arrows are 2 size, you may carry 20 arrows as 2 size.

#### Bow Expert
When using a weapon with the [Bow](Weapon-Traits#Bow) [Weapon Trait](Weapons#[Weapon-Traits](Weapon-Traits)) you no longer receive a -1 to readying and firing the weapon in the same turn.
#### Crossbow Expert
You can reload a crossbow and fire it in the same turn at a -1 to the [Accuracy](Agility#Accuracy) skill test.  

#### Defy Death
You can [Avoid](Reacting-To-Attacks#Avoid) anything, even if it would seem impossible.

#### Disarming Shot
You can [Disarm](Special-Combat-Actions#Disarm) someone at range, using a ranged weapon, expending 1 ammunition in the process.
#### Efficient Rounds
When you perform a [Mitigated Attack](Terminology#Mitigated%20Attack) with [Comestibles](Comestibles) , it is always [salvageable](Comestibles#Salvaging)
#### Exotic Expert
You can use any [Exotic](Weapons#Exotic) weapon without penalty.   
#### Fast Hands
You may [Disarm](Special-Combat-Actions#Disarm) using a [Reflexes](Agility#Reflexes) [Fixed Difficulty(-1)](Skills#Fixed%20Difficulty).

#### Light Step
You never trigger traps by moving over them. You also receive a +1 to [Grace](Agility#Grace) skill tests related to moving silently.

#### Long Shot
When making a [Ranged Attack](Terminology#Ranged%20Attack), you may spend a [Power](Stats#Power) to ignore any [Distance Penalty](Attack-Bonuses#Distance%20Penalty) #TODOMovement.

#### Lost in the Crowd
If you are [In Melee](Terminology#In%20Melee) you have a [Threat](Stats#Threat) of 0 to [Characters](Terminology#Character) not [In Melee](Terminology#In%20Melee) with you.

#### Multitasking
On your [Combat Turn](Terminology#Combat%20Turn), you may make an [Attack](Terminology#Attack) at (-2) additional penalty, and then perform a non-attack action or movement.

#### Olympian
You can make a [Thrown Attack](Terminology#Thrown%20Attack) at the end of [Charging](Attack-Bonuses#Charging) #TODOMovement , receiving the bonuses. 

#### Pin Down
After performing a [Ranged Attack](Terminology#Ranged%20Attack), the target must pass a [Identity](Spirit#Identity) [Fixed Difficulty(+0)](Skills#Fixed%20Difficulty) or be unable to move until your next [Combat Turn](Terminology#Combat%20Turn).

#### Poisoner
You can apply poisons and oils to a weapon during your [Combat Turn](Terminology#Combat%20Turn) as a [Free Action](Terminology#Free%20Action).

#### Strapped
You get an additional 4 size worth of [Belt](Storage#Belt) space.


---

### Advanced

#### Assassination
While not in combat, you can make a [Grace](Agility#Grace) [Opposed Difficulty](Skills#Opposed%20Difficulty)([Insight](Intelligence#Insight)) test against a [Character](Terminology#Character) that is unaware of you, if you succeed, they either receive a [Lethal Injury](Injury#Lethal%20Injury) to the torso, or fall [Unconscious](Effects#Unconscious).

#### Cold Steel
If you have a [Threat](Stats#Threat) of 0, your attacks have the [Penetrating](Weapon-Traits#Penetrating) trait.

#### Constant Movement
You can perform reactions during your own turn.
#### Fleet Footed
[Overwatch](Special-Combat-Actions#Overwatch) [Attacks](Terminology#Attack) against you are at an additional -2. You can get out of being [In Melee](Terminology#In%20Melee) without triggering any [Reactions](Terminology#Reaction).

#### Meat Shield
If you [Avoid](Reacting-To-Attacks#Avoid) an [Attack](Terminology#Attack) while [In Melee](Terminology#In%20Melee), you may have that [Attack](Terminology#Attack) target someone, other than yourself or the attacker, [In Melee](Terminology#In%20Melee). The new target may use [Reactions](Terminology#Reaction) as normal.

#### Point Man
You have no penalty on [Overwatch](Special-Combat-Actions#Overwatch) attacks, receive no negative for delaying your action, and can perform a number of [Overwatch](Special-Combat-Actions#Overwatch) attacks on a number of enemies in a turn up to your [Agility](Agility).

#### Preternatural Senses
You can manoeuvre perfectly well in the dark or when your vision is otherwise impaired.

#### Shadow Combatant
Your character's [Threat](Stats#Threat) is reduced by your ranks in [Grace](Agility#Grace).

#### Vanish
If within 3m #TODOMovement of something you could use to hide, as a [Free Action](Terminology#Free%20Action) you can spend 3 [Power](Stats#Power) to lose all attention. If you perform any [Action](Terminology#Action) you will need to continue to hide, move silently, etc. to remain hidden.


---

### Master

#### Fan Fire
You may make a [Ranged Attack](Terminology#Ranged%20Attack) on up to an [Agility](Agility) number of targets within a 45-degree cone. Each [Action](Terminology#Action) suffers a (-2).
#### Hide in Plain Sight
You do not need an item or object to hide behind when attempting to hide.

#### Marksman
No negative on [Vitals Hit](Attacks#Vitals%20Hit) with [Ranged Attack](Terminology#Ranged%20Attack) if you do nothing else during your [Combat Turn](Terminology#Combat%20Turn).

#### Master Thief
In combat you can perform a [Grace](Agility#Grace) [Opposed Difficulty](Skills#Opposed%20Difficulty)([Reflexes](Agility#Reflexes)) to immediately use a piece of [Equipment](Equipment) stored on another character [In Melee](Terminology#In%20Melee). You still need to perform any additional skill checks to use the item.

Commit message:

Stats Bonuses overhaul and Movement overhaul (#117)
* Everything but attuning to magic items

* Affinity for magic start

* Spell check

Game/Rogue.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Rogue
parent: Character Development
grand_parent: Telling The Story
nav_order: 2
---
## Rogue
A character who specializes in outwitting opponents with tools, positioning, and equipment.

Rogues are: 
* Thieves
* Assassins
* Marksman
* Trappers
* Hunters

They can generally teach the following training:

### Basic

#### Armed To The Teeth
You can carry twice the [Comestibles](Comestibles) in the same amount of size on your [Belt](Storage#Belt). 

> if 10 arrows are 2 size, you may carry 20 arrows as 2 size.

#### Bow Expert
When using a weapon with the [Bow](Weapon-Traits#Bow) [Weapon Trait](Weapons#[Weapon-Traits](Weapon-Traits)) you no longer receive a -1 to readying and firing the weapon in the same turn.
#### Crossbow Expert
You can reload a crossbow and fire it in the same turn at a -1 to the [Accuracy](Agility#Accuracy) skill test.  

#### Defy Death
You can [Avoid](Reacting-To-Attacks#Avoid) anything, even if it would seem impossible.

#### Disarming Shot
You can [Disarm](Special-Combat-Actions#Disarm) someone at range, using a ranged weapon, expending 1 ammunition in the process.
#### Efficient Rounds
When you perform a [Mitigated Attack](Terminology#Mitigated%20Attack) with [Comestibles](Comestibles) , it is always [salvageable](Comestibles#Salvaging)
#### Exotic Expert
You can use any [Exotic](Weapons#Exotic) weapon without penalty.   
#### Fast Hands
You may [Disarm](Special-Combat-Actions#Disarm) using a [Reflexes](Agility#Reflexes) [Fixed Difficulty(-1)](Skills#Fixed%20Difficulty).

#### Light Step
You never trigger traps by moving over them. You also receive a +1 to [Grace](Agility#Grace) skill tests related to moving silently.

#### Long Shot
When making a [Ranged Attack](Terminology#Ranged%20Attack), you may spend a [Power](Stats#Power) to ignore any [Distance Penalty](Attack-Bonuses#Distance%20Penalty).

#### Lost in the Crowd
If you are [In Melee](Terminology#In%20Melee) you have a [Threat](Stats#Threat) of 0 to [Characters](Terminology#Character) not [In Melee](Terminology#In%20Melee) with you.

#### Multitasking
On your [Combat Turn](Terminology#Combat%20Turn), you may make an [Attack](Terminology#Attack) at (-2) additional penalty, and then perform a non-attack action or movement.

#### Olympian
Your [Thrown Attack](Terminology#Thrown%20Attack) count as having a range of 1 additional [Distance Increment](Movement#Distance%20Increments). 

#### Pin Down
After performing a [Ranged Attack](Terminology#Ranged%20Attack), the target must pass a [Identity](Spirit#Identity) [Fixed Difficulty(+0)](Skills#Fixed%20Difficulty) or be unable to move until your next [Combat Turn](Terminology#Combat%20Turn).

#### Poisoner
You can apply poisons and oils to a weapon during your [Combat Turn](Terminology#Combat%20Turn) as a [Free Action](Terminology#Free%20Action).

#### Strapped
You get an additional 4 size worth of [Belt](Storage#Belt) space.


---

### Advanced

#### Assassination
While not in combat, you can make a [Grace](Agility#Grace) [Opposed Difficulty](Skills#Opposed%20Difficulty)([Insight](Intelligence#Insight)) test against a [Character](Terminology#Character) that is unaware of you, if you succeed, they either receive a [Lethal Injury](Injury#Lethal%20Injury) to the torso, or fall [Unconscious](Effects#Unconscious).

#### Cold Steel
If you have a [Threat](Stats#Threat) of 0, your attacks have the [Penetrating](Weapon-Traits#Penetrating) trait.

#### Constant Movement
You can perform reactions during your own turn.
#### Fleet Footed
[Overwatch](Special-Combat-Actions#Overwatch) [Attacks](Terminology#Attack) against you are at an additional -2. You can get out of being [In Melee](Terminology#In%20Melee) without triggering any [Reactions](Terminology#Reaction).

#### Meat Shield
If you [Avoid](Reacting-To-Attacks#Avoid) an [Attack](Terminology#Attack) while [In Melee](Terminology#In%20Melee), you may have that [Attack](Terminology#Attack) target someone, other than yourself or the attacker, [In Melee](Terminology#In%20Melee). The new target may use [Reactions](Terminology#Reaction) as normal.

#### Point Man
You have no penalty on [Overwatch](Special-Combat-Actions#Overwatch) attacks, receive no negative for delaying your action, and can perform a number of [Overwatch](Special-Combat-Actions#Overwatch) attacks on a number of enemies in a turn up to your [Agility](Agility).

#### Preternatural Senses
You can manoeuvre perfectly well in the dark or when your vision is otherwise impaired.

#### Shadow Combatant
Your character's [Threat](Stats#Threat) is reduced by your ranks in [Grace](Agility#Grace).

#### Vanish
If within [Reach](Movement#Reach) of something you could use to hide, as a [Free Action](Terminology#Free%20Action) you can spend 2 [Power](Stats#Power) to lose all attention. If you perform any [Action](Terminology#Action) you will need to continue to hide, move silently, etc. to remain hidden.


---

### Master

#### Fan Fire
You may make a [Ranged Attack](Terminology#Ranged%20Attack) on up to an [Agility](Agility) number of targets within a 45-degree cone. Each [Action](Terminology#Action) suffers a (-2).
#### Hide in Plain Sight
You do not need an item or object to hide behind when attempting to hide.

#### Marksman
No negative on [Vitals Hit](Attacks#Vitals%20Hit) with [Ranged Attack](Terminology#Ranged%20Attack) if you do nothing else during your [Combat Turn](Terminology#Combat%20Turn).

#### Master Thief
In combat you can perform a [Grace](Agility#Grace) [Opposed Difficulty](Skills#Opposed%20Difficulty)([Reflexes](Agility#Reflexes)) to immediately use a piece of [Equipment](Equipment) stored on another character [In Melee](Terminology#In%20Melee). You still need to perform any additional skill checks to use the item.
