Game/Scientist.md, before:

## Scientist
One of the 8 [Trades Training](Trades-Training) disciplines.
#TODOcopy 

### Basic
#### Macguffin
You know just the thing to solve this problem. It might take time to find or build, but once per session you know just the thing to resolve an issue and the answer will be relatively on hand.

Start a [Project](Skills#Project) with a number of steps required by the GM, this project doesn't require an initial skill test to work towards a solution to the problem.

#### Problem Solver
You recieve a +2 to all skill tests to start a [Project](Skills#Project)

#### Apophenia
Spend a [Power](Stats#Power), you can declare your far-fetched theory about what is really going on. Rolls you make which help confirm or refute your theory receive +1.

Your far fetched theory can help progress [Projects](Skills#Project) only tangentially related.

#### Artificer
#TODOcopy 
As [Production Work](Activities#Production%20Work), using a [Tinkers Kit](Example-Gear#Tinkers%20Kit) you can create [Prosthetics](Character-Development#Prosthetics) that characters can use with ease.

#### Kill Switch
You can disable automata and machines that you are in melee with using a [Science](Science) skill test.

#### Parabolic Targeting
You can make ranged attack skill tests using the [Science](Science) skill.

#### Scientific Activation
You can attempt to activate magical items using the [Science](Science) skill.

#### Alchemy
#TODOcopy 
As [Production Work](Activities#Production%20Work), using an [Alchemists Tool Set](Example-Gear#Alchemists%20Tool%20Set) you can craft an alchemical potion, medicine or other mixture.

#### Gatherer
As [Skilled Work](Activities#Skilled%20Work), you can harvest [Wild Flora](Reagent-Uses#Wild%20Flora). Perform a [Variable Difficulty](Skills#Variable%20Difficulty) [Science](Science) skill test to look for local [Wild Flora](Reagent-Uses#Wild%20Flora) or [Rare Flora](Reagent-Uses#Rare%20Flora). The test for rare flora is at a -2. If you succeed, you receive 1 size of [Reagents](Resources#Reagents) plus 1 additional per 2 [Steps Of Success](Skills#Step%20Of%20Success).

#### Visual Calculus
You can visualize what nearby characters are doing even if you can’t directly see them. This also means you can attack them through cover and other similar situations.

---
### Advanced

#### Alchemical Traps
If your character has a [Trap Kit](Example-Gear#Trap%20Kit), your payloads can be much more exotic, but the skill test becomes [Science](Science), and they take longer to prepare. They can include things like:
Gravity destabilize: Everything in the trap area loses gravity for 1d3 rounds. Or gravity shifts in a direction for the same duration.
Stasis discharge: Everything in the area is stunned for a turn.
Magnesium Bomb: Everything in the area suffers an [Hot](Combat#Hot) attack that causes a critical injury to a location and is on fire.
Corrosive Gas: Everything in the area loses all resistance for its armour

#### Exact Dosage
Whenever you administer an alchemical solution with a duration, if the duration is rolled for in rounds, roll twice and take the result of your choice. If the solution's duration is not rolled for, you can choose for it to last either half or twice as long. If the solution's effect is immediate, you can choose to use only half the amount.

#### Mutagenics
#TODOcopy
As [Production Work](Activities#Production%20Work), using an [Alchemists Tool Set](Example-Gear#Alchemists%20Tool%20Set) you can manipulate and prepare mutagenic compounds for installation.

---
### Master

#### Multitasker
Once per downtime, you can opt to take a second combat action after your first or expedite / multitask two narrative actions.

#### Vitruvian
Your body is perfect and loses all scarring. Immune to poison, mutations you take don’t have any obvious signs. Going above your Max Toxicity temporarily doesn’t cause injury (though you still can’t take more modifications than that).

Commit message:

Materials overhaul (#69)
* Added munitions page, removed spell book

* Rename martial to artisan, add tiers for the 8 basic material types

* Apply suggestions from code review

* Last touches

Game/Scientist.md, after:

## Scientist
One of the 8 [Trades Training](Trades-Training) disciplines.
#TODOcopy 

### Basic
#### Macguffin
You know just the thing to solve this problem. It might take time to find or build, but once per session you know just the thing to resolve an issue and the answer will be relatively on hand.

Start a [Project](Skills#Project) with a number of steps required by the GM, this project doesn't require an initial skill test to work towards a solution to the problem.

#### Problem Solver
You recieve a +2 to all skill tests to start a [Project](Skills#Project)

#### Apophenia
Spend a [Power](Stats#Power), you can declare your far-fetched theory about what is really going on. Rolls you make which help confirm or refute your theory receive +1.

Your far fetched theory can help progress [Projects](Skills#Project) only tangentially related.

#### Artificer
#TODOcopy 
As [Production Work](Activities#Production%20Work), using a [Tinkers Kit](Example-Gear#Tinkers%20Kit) you can create [Prosthetics](Character-Development#Prosthetics) that characters can use with ease.

#### Kill Switch
You can disable automata and machines that you are in melee with using a [Science](Science) skill test.

#### Parabolic Targeting
You can make ranged attack skill tests using the [Science](Science) skill.

#### Scientific Activation
You can attempt to activate magical items using the [Science](Science) skill.

#### Alchemy
#TODOcopy 
As [Production Work](Activities#Production%20Work), using an [Alchemists Tool Set](Example-Gear#Alchemists%20Tool%20Set) you can craft an alchemical potion, medicine or other mixture.

#### Gatherer
As [Skilled Work](Activities#Skilled%20Work), you can harvest [Basic Flora](Materials#Basic%20Flora). Perform a [Variable Difficulty](Skills#Variable%20Difficulty) [Science](Science) skill test to look for [Basic Flora](Materials#Basic%20Flora) or [Artisan Flora](Materials#Artisan%20Flora). The test for artisan flora is at a -2. If you succeed, you receive 1 size of [Materials](Materials) plus 1 additional per 2 [Steps Of Success](Skills#Step%20Of%20Success).

#### Visual Calculus
You can visualize what nearby characters are doing even if you can’t directly see them. This also means you can attack them through cover and other similar situations.

---
### Advanced

#### Alchemical Traps
If your character has a [Trap Kit](Example-Gear#Trap%20Kit), your payloads can be much more exotic, but the skill test becomes [Science](Science), and they take longer to prepare. They can include things like:
Gravity destabilize: Everything in the trap area loses gravity for 1d3 rounds. Or gravity shifts in a direction for the same duration.
Stasis discharge: Everything in the area is stunned for a turn.
Magnesium Bomb: Everything in the area suffers an [Hot](Combat#Hot) attack that causes a critical injury to a location and is on fire.
Corrosive Gas: Everything in the area loses all resistance for its armour

#### Exact Dosage
Whenever you administer an alchemical solution with a duration, if the duration is rolled for in rounds, roll twice and take the result of your choice. If the solution's duration is not rolled for, you can choose for it to last either half or twice as long. If the solution's effect is immediate, you can choose to use only half the amount.

#### Mutagenics
#TODOcopy
As [Production Work](Activities#Production%20Work), using an [Alchemists Tool Set](Example-Gear#Alchemists%20Tool%20Set) you can manipulate and prepare mutagenic compounds for installation.

---
### Master

#### Multitasker
Once per downtime, you can opt to take a second combat action after your first or expedite / multitask two narrative actions.

#### Vitruvian
Your body is perfect and loses all scarring. Immune to poison, mutations you take don’t have any obvious signs. Going above your Max Toxicity temporarily doesn’t cause injury (though you still can’t take more modifications than that).
