Game/Services.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Services
has_children: false
parent: Telling The Story
---
## Services
![Market](Content/Market.svg)
Aspirant is a world of tradespeople, experts with something to offer a prospective adventurer. 

### Costs Of Services

| Service                                                                   | Cost                                     |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------- |
| Commissioning A guide through a known trail                               | $2$                                      |
| Commissioning A guide through a not well-known trail                      | $5$                                      |
| Commissioning First Aid                                                   | $2$                                      |
| Commissioning Performing a complex ritual                                 | $12 + reagents$                          |
| Commissioning Performing a simple ritual                                  | $5 + reagents$                           |
| Commissioning surgery                                                     | $8$                                      |
| [Downtime](Telling-The-Story#Downtime) of lodgings                                                          | $1$                                      |
| [Travel Segment](Telling-The-Story#Travel%20Segment) of travel food       | $1$                                      |
| Getting expertise or knowledge                                            | $4$                                      |
| Hiring a mercenary for a day                                              | $2$                                      |
| Moving a piece of [Infrastructure](Assets#Infrastructure) to another city | $2 \times Days\ Of\ Travel \times Space$ |


#### Commissions
Getting a craftsman to make you a piece of [Equipment](Equipment).

| Service                                                                   | Cost                                                                            |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Commissioning Creating A [Weapon](Weapons)                                | $5 + 20 \times size \times material\ ratio$                                     |
| Commissioning Creating [Armour](Armour)                                   | $5 + 30 \times primary\ material\ ratio + 10 \times secondary\ material\ ratio$ |
| Commissioning Master Worked Service                                       | $base\ Commission + 10$                                                         |
| Commissioning Storage                                                     | $5$ + [Crafting Storage](Designing-Storage#Crafting%20Storage)                  |
| Commissioning creating comestibles                                        | $4 + reagents$                                                                  |
| Commissioning a standard days work for a tradesman                        | $5$                                                                             |
#### Training
Getting an expert to help you to become better.

| Service                    | Cost            |
| -------------------------- | --------------- |
| Teaching a basic training  | $5$             |
| Teaching an advanced training                                             | $12$                                                                            |
| Teaching a master training | $30$            |
| Teaching a skill           | $5 \times Rank$ |



### Costs Of Materials

| Name             | Max Craft Quality | Ratio        | Cost Per Size (S) |
| ---------------- | ----------------- | ------------ | ----------------- |
| Gold             | Exotic            | $4$          | $40$              |
| Machinery        | Exotic            | $3 \over 2$  | $15$              | 
| Water            | -                 | $1 \over 16$ | $1$               |
| Basic Material   | Basic             | $1 \over 4$  | $3$               |
| Artisan Material | Artisan           | $1 \over 2$  | $5$               |
| Exotic Material  | Exotic            | $1$          | $10$              |

Commit message:

Magic Item rules (#118)
* Magic item rules

* Update Stats.md

* Update Academic.md

* Spelling

* One more note about drawbacks

Game/Services.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Services
has_children: false
parent: Telling The Story
---
## Services
![Market](Content/Market.svg)
Aspirant is a world of tradespeople, experts with something to offer a prospective adventurer. 

### Costs Of Services

| Service                                                                   | Cost                                     |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------- |
| Hiring A guide through a known trail                               | $2$                                      |
| Hiring A guide through a not well-known trail                      | $5$                                      |
| [Downtime](Telling-The-Story#Downtime) of lodgings                                                          | $1$                                      |
| [Travel Segment](Telling-The-Story#Travel%20Segment) of travel food       | $1$                                      |
| Getting expertise or knowledge                                            | $4$                                      |
| Hiring a mercenary for a day                                              | $2$                                      |
| Moving a piece of [Infrastructure](Assets#Infrastructure) to another city | $2 \times Days\ Of\ Travel \times Space$ |


#### Crafting Commissions
Getting a craftsman to make you a piece of [Equipment](Equipment).

| Service                                                                   | Cost                                                                            |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Commissioning Creating A [Weapon](Weapons)                                | $5 + 20 \times size \times material\ ratio$                                     |
| Commissioning Creating [Armour](Armour)                                   | $5 + 30 \times primary\ material\ ratio + 10 \times secondary\ material\ ratio$ |
| Commissioning Master Worked Service                                       | $base\ Commission + 10$                                                         |
| Commissioning Storage                                                     | $5$ + [Crafting Storage](Designing-Storage#Crafting%20Storage)                  |
| Commissioning creating comestibles                                        | $4 + reagents$                                                                  |
| Commissioning a standard days work for a tradesman                        | $5$                                                                             |

#### Expert Commissions
Requesting an expert to do something for you.

| Service                                                          | Cost            |
| ---------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------- |
| Commissioning First Aid                                          | $2$             |
| Commissioning Performing a complex ritual                        | $12 + reagents$ |
| Commissioning Performing a simple ritual                         | $5 + reagents$  |
| Commissioning surgery                                            | $8$             |
| Commissioning someone to [Bind](Terminology#Bind) an item to you | 5                |

#### Training
Getting an expert to help you to become better.

| Service                    | Cost            |
| -------------------------- | --------------- |
| Teaching a basic training  | $5$             |
| Teaching an advanced training                                             | $12$                                                                            |
| Teaching a master training | $30$            |
| Teaching a skill           | $5 \times Rank$ |


### Costs Of Materials

| Name             | Max Craft Quality | Ratio        | Cost Per Size (S) |
| ---------------- | ----------------- | ------------ | ----------------- |
| Gold             | Exotic            | $4$          | $40$              |
| Machinery        | Exotic            | $3 \over 2$  | $15$              | 
| Water            | -                 | $1 \over 16$ | $1$               |
| Basic Material   | Basic             | $1 \over 4$  | $3$               |
| Artisan Material | Artisan           | $1 \over 2$  | $5$               |
| Exotic Material  | Exotic            | $1$          | $10$              |
