Game/Special-Combat-Actions.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Special Combat Actions
parent: Combat
nav_order: 2
grand_parent: Telling The Story
---
## Special Combat Actions
In combat there are several situations that come up often enough they should have predefined rules. This doesn't mean this list is exhaustive, but should give an idea of the sort of things you can do in combat apart from harming someone directly.

### Back out
You make a [Grace](Agility#Grace) [Fixed Difficulty](Skills#Fixed%20Difficulty)(0) to step out of melee with an opponent. If you succeed, you can move agility * 2 meters and then perform an action at a -2 (as normal) #TODOMovement. If you fail, you provoke an attack of opportunity and then may do that anyway.

### Cautious Step
You move out of melee with an enemy without provoking an attack of opportunity. You can move up to your agility * 2 meters #TODOMovement, but no other actions.

### Disarm
With at least one free hand or a melee weapon, you can attempt to disarm a [Character](Terminology#Character) [In Melee](Terminology#In%20Melee) with you. Make a [Strike](Strength#Strike) skill test at (-1) and if successful, your opponent drops their weapon (or it is now in your hands).

### Grapple
Make an attack with the intent of getting control of your opponent. If you successfully hit, your opponent is in a grapple. 
On their turn, they may:
* Attempt an [Athletics](Strength#Athletics) [Opposed Difficulty](Skills#Opposed%20Difficulty) skill test to become the grappler, instead of the grappled. This test is opposed by the grapplers [Athletics](Strength#Athletics)
* Attempt a [Grace](Agility#Grace) [Opposed Difficulty](Skills#Opposed%20Difficulty) skill test to stop being grappled. This test is opposed by the grapplers [Athletics](Strength#Athletics).

On your turn, you may:
* Make an [Athletics](Strength#Athletics) test to inflict a severe injury to them, ignoring armour.
* Pin your [Opponent](Terminology#Opponent) completely, causing them to take a -2 on any skill tests on their turn.
* Make an attack with a size 1 weapon with a -2 to hit that can’t be evaded
* Make an [Athletics](Strength#Athletics) skill test to throw them strength + d3 meters in a direction of your choice.

### Overwatch
Declare a 45-degree cone in front of you. If anyone moves into that area, you make a ranged attack on them, and they take a -2 on their action. Your attack is at -2.

### Parry
Which is a [Strike](Strength#Strike) skill test at (-2) where if you succeed, then if an enemy attacks you [in melee](#Being%20in%20Melee%20Combat) and succeeds, you ignore the attack. If they fail their skill test to attack, you may make an attack on them without requiring a skill test.

### Shove
With at least one free hand, you can attempt to move someone. Make a [Strike](Strength#Strike) skill test, if you succeed, you can move them up to your strength in meters. If they hit something, they become knocked down.

Commit message:

Stats Bonuses overhaul and Movement overhaul (#117)
* Everything but attuning to magic items

* Affinity for magic start

* Spell check

Game/Special-Combat-Actions.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Special Combat Actions
parent: Combat
nav_order: 2
grand_parent: Telling The Story
---
## Special Combat Actions
In combat there are several situations that come up often enough they should have predefined rules. This doesn't mean this list is exhaustive, but should give an idea of the sort of things you can do in combat apart from harming someone directly.

### Back out
You make a [Grace](Agility#Grace) [Fixed Difficulty](Skills#Fixed%20Difficulty)(0) to stop being [In Melee](Terminology#In%20Melee) with an opponent. If you succeed, you can [Move](Combat-Turn#Move) and then perform an action as normal, your [Opponent](Terminology#Opponent) can't make [Attack of Opportunity](Reacting-To-Attacks#Attack%20of%20Opportunity). If you fail, your opponent may [Attack of Opportunity](Reacting-To-Attacks#Attack%20of%20Opportunity) and then your [Combat-Turn](Combat-Turn) continues.

### Cautious Step
You can only [Move](Combat-Turn#Move) on your [Combat-Turn](Combat-Turn), but [Opponent](Terminology#Opponent) cannot perform [Attack of Opportunity](Reacting-To-Attacks#Attack%20of%20Opportunity) against you.

### Disarm
With at least one free hand or a melee weapon, you can attempt to disarm a [Character](Terminology#Character) [In Melee](Terminology#In%20Melee) with you. Make a [Strike](Strength#Strike) skill test at (-1) and if successful, your opponent drops their weapon (or it is now in your hands).

### Grapple
Make an attack with the intent of getting control of your opponent. If you successfully hit, your opponent is in a grapple. 
On their turn, they may:
* Attempt an [Athletics](Strength#Athletics) [Opposed Difficulty](Skills#Opposed%20Difficulty) skill test to become the grappler, instead of the grappled. This test is opposed by the grapplers [Athletics](Strength#Athletics)
* Attempt a [Grace](Agility#Grace) [Opposed Difficulty](Skills#Opposed%20Difficulty) skill test to stop being grappled. This test is opposed by the grapplers [Athletics](Strength#Athletics).

On your turn, you may:
* Make an [Athletics](Strength#Athletics) test to inflict a severe injury to them, ignoring armour.
* Pin your [Opponent](Terminology#Opponent) completely, causing them to take a -2 on any skill tests on their turn.
* Make an attack with a size 1 weapon with a -2 to hit that can’t be evaded
* Make an [Athletics](Strength#Athletics) skill test to throw them strength + d3 meters in a direction of your choice.

### Overwatch
Declare a 45-degree cone in front of you. If anyone moves into that area, you make a ranged attack on them, and they take a -2 on their action. Your attack is at -2.

### Parry
Which is a [Strike](Strength#Strike) skill test at (-2) where if you succeed, then if an enemy attacks you [in melee](#Being%20in%20Melee%20Combat) and succeeds, you ignore the attack. If they fail their skill test to attack, you may make an attack on them without requiring a skill test.

### Shove
With at least one free hand, you can attempt to move someone. Make a [Strike](Strength#Strike) skill test, if you succeed, you can move them up to your strength in meters. If they hit something, they become knocked down.
