Game/Star.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Star
parent: Character Development
grand_parent: Telling The Story
nav_order: 2
---
## Star
Character who specializes in being the centre of attention. Leading, inspiring, telling stories, and performing.

Stars are:
* Religious Leaders
* The Famous
* Politicians
* Bards
* Orators

They can generally teach the following training:

### Basic

#### Battle Music
If you have an [Simple Instrument](Example-Gear#Simple%20Instrument), or [Complex Instrument](Example-Gear#Complex%20Instrument) on you, every ally gets a (+1) to determining [Initiative Value](Combat#Initiative%20Value).

#### Busking
As [Skilled Work](Activities#Skilled%20Work), you can busk. Make a [Confidence](Communication#Confidence) [Variable Difficulty](Skills#Variable%20Difficulty), you receive 2 silver per [Step Of Success](Skills#Step%20Of%20Success).

#### Come In Peace
[Allies](Terminology#Ally) and yourself gain a (+1) to [Social Skill Test](Terminology#Social%20Action) when interacting with residents of an area.

#### Decadent
You never suffer penalties due to intoxication and your [Max Toxicity](Stats#Max%20Toxicity) is increased by 2.

#### Faithful
You receive a +1 to all [Social Skill Test](Terminology#Social%20Action) against any [Opponent](Terminology#Opponent) who shares similar beliefs to your [Character](Terminology#Character).

#### Heartthrob
Your character receives a (+2) to [Actions](Terminology#Action) against people that are sexually attracted to you.

#### Inspiring Presence
You can control an additional 2 [Followers](Terminology#Follower).

#### Inspiring Strike
After a successful [Strike](Strength#Strike), all your allies receive a +1 to all attack rolls until your next [Combat Turn](Terminology#Combat%20Turn).

#### Lookout Sir
If a [Follower](Terminology#Follower) #TODOFollowers under your control is within 3m #TODOMovement of you they may spend a [Reaction](Terminology#Reaction) to move to your character and become the target of the attack. They may still perform an [Avoid](Reacting-To-Attacks#Avoid).

#### Lover Not A Fighter
You receive a (+1) to all [Actions](Terminology#Action) in situations where your life isn’t in danger, and you are not rushed. However, you receive a (-1) to all [Actions](Terminology#Action) while in combat.

#### Name Your Price
You can buy any item, even a person's personal equipment.

#### Second Identity
You have a second identity which you can assume at any time. You don't need to make [Confidence](Communication#Confidence) skill tests to pretend to be them.

#### Tinge Of Truth
After successfully lying to a [Character](Terminology#Character) about something, you may spend [Influence](Stats#Influence) to make it true or at least partially true. The GM should attempt to make this the case and give you a reasonable cost.

#### White Lie
You don’t need to roll [Confidence](Communication#Confidence) to lie about small, insignificant things.


---

### Advanced

#### Conscription
At the beginning of combat, you may opt to make neutral characters within [Communication](Communication) x 10m [Follower](Terminology#Follower), up to your limit. They may become angry and hostile if put in suicidal situations.

#### Contacts
As a [Downtime Activity](Activities#Downtime%20Activity), you can spend a day setting up contacts in any location. This contact network can be queried for information and will send relevant info your way.

#### Editorializing
Once per [Downtime](Telling-The-Story#Downtime), if they are willing, you may give any [Character](Terminology#Character) a single [Re-roll](Terminology#Re-roll) for any dice roll.

#### Grand Leadership
When a [Follower](Terminology#Follower) or [Ally](Terminology#Ally) is performing an [Action](Terminology#Action) spend a [Power](Stats#Power) to have them use your relevant skills for that [Action](Terminology#Action).

#### Hard Sell
A merchant will never refuse to buy items from you, even if they have no interest in them.
#### Heretic
Spend a [Power](Stats#Power), you may designate a target as a heretic of the cause. They receive a (-1) to all [Actions](Terminology#Action). Any [Action](Terminology#Action) an [Ally](Terminology#Ally) makes against an [Opponent](Terminology#Opponent) who is marked as a heretic is at a (+1).

#### Inspiring Shout
Spend 3 [Power](Stats#Power), you may as a [Free Action](Terminology#Free%20Action) cause one of your [Allies](Terminology#Ally) to stop being [Unconscious](Effects#Unconscious). The target retains all injuries and effects, but no longer counts as [Wounded](Injury#Wounded) until they suffer another [Injury](Injury).

#### Understudy
During [Socialize](Activities#Socialize), you can select a training that another member of your party has, which you count as having until your next [Downtime](Telling-The-Story#Downtime), or [Socialize](Activities#Socialize).

#### What I Meant Was
Spend 2 [Power](Stats#Power) during [Narrative Time](Telling-The-Story#Narrative%20Time), after speaking to someone and hearing how they react, you may say “what I meant to say was…” and continue the conversation as though what you originally said *never* happened.






---

### Master

#### Holy Spirit
Your character is partially controlled by another force, which helps you out with multitasking. 
* You have an additional [Reaction](Terminology#Reaction). 
* If you are [Stunned](Effects#Stunned) or [Unconscious](Effects#Unconscious), you may opt to continue fighting or acting with the spirit controlling your body. 
You count as having 2 in each attribute and 1 in each skill while the force is in control or performing a reaction.

#### Perform As The Legends
Spend 1 [Power](Stats#Power), instead of the normal skill for any [Action](Terminology#Action) you could perform, substitute a [Confidence](Communication#Confidence) skill test.
#### Unending Fury
You and your [Allies](Terminology#Ally) get a (+2) to [Identity](Spirit#Identity) and [Endurance](Strength#Endurance) skill tests.

Commit message:

Stats Bonuses overhaul and Movement overhaul (#117)
* Everything but attuning to magic items

* Affinity for magic start

* Spell check

Game/Star.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Star
parent: Character Development
grand_parent: Telling The Story
nav_order: 2
---
## Star
Character who specializes in being the centre of attention. Leading, inspiring, telling stories, and performing.

Stars are:
* Religious Leaders
* The Famous
* Politicians
* Bards
* Orators

They can generally teach the following training:

### Basic

#### Battle Music
If you have an [Simple Instrument](Example-Gear#Simple%20Instrument), or [Complex Instrument](Example-Gear#Complex%20Instrument) on you, every ally gets a (+1) to determining [Initiative Value](Combat#Initiative%20Value).

#### Busking
As [Skilled Work](Activities#Skilled%20Work), you can busk. Make a [Confidence](Communication#Confidence) [Variable Difficulty](Skills#Variable%20Difficulty), you receive 2 silver per [Step Of Success](Skills#Step%20Of%20Success).

#### Come In Peace
[Allies](Terminology#Ally) and yourself gain a (+1) to [Social Skill Test](Terminology#Social%20Action) when interacting with residents of an area.

#### Decadent
You never suffer penalties due to intoxication, you also receive a (+2) to [Terminology](Terminology) actions related to resisting [Comestibles](Comestibles) downsides.

#### Faithful
You receive a +1 to all [Social Skill Test](Terminology#Social%20Action) against any [Opponent](Terminology#Opponent) who shares similar beliefs to your [Character](Terminology#Character).

#### Heartthrob
Your character receives a (+2) to [Actions](Terminology#Action) against people that are sexually attracted to you.

#### Inspiring Presence
You can control an additional 2 [Followers](Terminology#Follower).

#### Inspiring Strike
After a successful [Strike](Strength#Strike), all your allies receive a +1 to all attack rolls until your next [Combat Turn](Terminology#Combat%20Turn).

#### Lookout Sir
If a [Follower](Terminology#Follower) #TODOFollowers under your control is within [Reach](Movement#Reach) of you, they may spend a [Reaction](Terminology#Reaction) to move to your character and become the target of the attack. They may still perform an [Avoid](Reacting-To-Attacks#Avoid) [Reaction](Terminology#Reaction).

#### Lover Not A Fighter
You receive a (+1) to all [Actions](Terminology#Action) in situations where your life isn’t in danger, and you are not rushed. However, you receive a (-1) to all [Actions](Terminology#Action) while in combat.

#### Name Your Price
You can buy any item, even a person's personal equipment.

#### Second Identity
You have a second identity which you can assume at any time. You don't need to make [Confidence](Communication#Confidence) skill tests to pretend to be them.

#### Tinge Of Truth
After successfully lying to a [Character](Terminology#Character) about something, you may spend [Influence](Stats#Influence) to make it true or at least partially true. The GM should attempt to make this the case and give you a reasonable cost.

#### White Lie
You don’t need to roll [Confidence](Communication#Confidence) to lie about small, insignificant things.


---

### Advanced

#### Conscription
At the beginning of combat, you may opt to make neutral characters within [Communication](Communication) x 10m [Follower](Terminology#Follower), up to your limit. They may become angry and hostile if put in suicidal situations.

#### Contacts
As a [Downtime Activity](Activities#Downtime%20Activity), you can spend a day setting up contacts in any location. This contact network can be queried for information and will send relevant info your way.

#### Editorializing
Once per [Downtime](Telling-The-Story#Downtime), if they are willing, you may give any [Character](Terminology#Character) a single [Re-roll](Terminology#Re-roll) for any dice roll.

#### Grand Leadership
When a [Follower](Terminology#Follower) or [Ally](Terminology#Ally) is performing an [Action](Terminology#Action) spend a [Power](Stats#Power) to have them use your relevant skills for that [Action](Terminology#Action).

#### Hard Sell
A merchant will never refuse to buy items from you, even if they have no interest in them.
#### Heretic
Spend a [Power](Stats#Power), you may designate a target as a heretic of the cause. They receive a (-1) to all [Actions](Terminology#Action). Any [Action](Terminology#Action) an [Ally](Terminology#Ally) makes against an [Opponent](Terminology#Opponent) who is marked as a heretic is at a (+1).

#### Inspiring Shout
Spend 3 [Power](Stats#Power), you may as a [Free Action](Terminology#Free%20Action) cause one of your [Allies](Terminology#Ally) to stop being [Unconscious](Effects#Unconscious). The target retains all injuries and effects, but no longer counts as [Wounded](Injury#Wounded) until they suffer another [Injury](Injury).

#### Understudy
During [Socialize](Activities#Socialize), you can select a training that another member of your party has, which you count as having until your next [Downtime](Telling-The-Story#Downtime), or [Socialize](Activities#Socialize).

#### What I Meant Was
Spend 2 [Power](Stats#Power) during [Narrative Time](Telling-The-Story#Narrative%20Time), after speaking to someone and hearing how they react, you may say “what I meant to say was…” and continue the conversation as though what you originally said *never* happened.






---

### Master

#### Holy Spirit
Your character is partially controlled by another force, which helps you out with multitasking. 
* You have an additional [Reaction](Terminology#Reaction). 
* If you are [Stunned](Effects#Stunned) or [Unconscious](Effects#Unconscious), you may opt to continue fighting or acting with the spirit controlling your body. 
You count as having 2 in each attribute and 1 in each skill while the force is in control or performing a reaction.

#### Perform As The Legends
Spend 1 [Power](Stats#Power), instead of the normal skill for any [Action](Terminology#Action) you could perform, substitute a [Confidence](Communication#Confidence) skill test.
#### Unending Fury
You and your [Allies](Terminology#Ally) get a (+2) to [Identity](Spirit#Identity) and [Endurance](Strength#Endurance) skill tests.
