Game/Stats.md, before:

## Stats
Regular stats are Strength, Agility, Intelligence, Fellowship and Resolve.

Stats range in value from 1-5.
- 1 is below human
- 2 is human average
- 3 is remarkable
- 4 is the peak of human achievement
- 5 is inhuman

### Strength
Measures physical power.
- Melee Weapon Damage
- Ability to resist immediate injuries, poison and disease
- Maximum Toxicity
- Fitness and Melee skill tests

### Agility
Measures speed and dexterity
- How far you can move in combat
- Initiative
- Acrobatics, Marksmanship and Subterfuge skill tests

### Intelligence
Measures mental acuity and knowledge
- Initiative
- Medicine, Science, Crafting, Perception and Knowledge skill tests

### Fellowship
Measures charm and how well-spoken you are
- The number of characters you can control in combat (with training)
- Converse, Husbandry and Performance skill tests

### Resolve
Measures your resilience and willpower
- Ability to remain conscious after injury
- Ability to resist mind-altering effects
- Maximum Toxicity
- Damage with psychic and magical abilities
- Channel and Ritual skill tests

### Additional Attributes
On top of the above stats, your character also has a few additional values:

#### Total XP
An abstraction of your characters potential to learn and gain new abilities. [[Character-Development]] has details on how to spend this.

#### Spent XP
Aspirants will not immediately spend experience as they gain it, expertise comes from the knowledge of others so your spent XP should be tracked seperately from your total.

#### Power
A stat tracking how many times you character can perform certain powerful abilities. Some [Training](Character-Development#Training) will require you to expend this resource. It can be regained using the [Meditate](Telling-The-Story#Meditate) [Evening Activity](Telling-The-Story#Evening%20Activities).

Power is equal to 2 + 1 per [Training](Character-Development#Training) that requires power.

#### Move Speed
How far your character can move in 1 turn of combat. AGI * 2 meters.

#### Initiative
Your AGI + INT. Used to determine turn order in combat.

#### Threat
The size of your largest weapon. Used to determine who unintelligent monsters target at random.

#### Heroism
Determined by your total XP. Used to survive attacks, show bravery, etc.

|XP|Bonuses|
|---|---|
|0-9|Heroism +0|
|10-19|Heroism +1|
|20-29|Heroism +2|
|30+|Heroism +3|

#### Max Toxicity
Your characters can only handle a certain amount of foreign material in your body before becoming ill.

Characters have a Max Toxicity equal to their STR + RES attributes. Your max toxicity is reduced by 1 for any permanent enchantment, prosthetic with additional abilities, and mutation your character possesses. Whenever you imbibe an alchemical elixir or are positively affected by some form of magic your character marks a level of Toxicity when your characters Toxicity level is equal to or greater than your Max Toxicity you are considered injured.

Toxicity resets to 0 during downtime.

Commit message:

Skills Have Their Own Pages

Game/Stats.md, after:

## Stats
Regular stats are Strength, Agility, Intelligence, Fellowship and Resolve.

Stats range in value from 1-5.
- 1 is below human
- 2 is human average
- 3 is remarkable
- 4 is the peak of human achievement
- 5 is inhuman

### Strength
Measures physical power.
- Melee Weapon Damage
- Ability to resist immediate injuries, poison and disease
- Maximum Toxicity
- [Fitness](Fitness) and [Melee](Melee) [Skills](Skills)

### Agility
Measures speed and dexterity
- How far you can move in combat
- Initiative
- [Acrobatics](Acrobatics), [Marksmanship](Marksmanship) and [Subterfuge](Subterfuge) [Skills](Skills)

### Intelligence
Measures mental acuity and knowledge
- Initiative
- [Medicine](Medicine), [Science](Science), [Crafting](Crafting), [Perception](Perception) and [Knowledge](Knowledge) [Skills](Skills)

### Fellowship
Measures charm and how well-spoken you are
- The number of characters you can control in combat (with training)
- [Converse](Converse), [Husbandry](Husbandry) and [Perform](Perform) [Skills](Skills)

### Resolve
Measures your resilience and willpower
- Ability to remain conscious after injury
- Ability to resist mind-altering effects
- Maximum Toxicity
- Damage with psychic and magical abilities
- [Channel](Channel) and [Ritual](Ritual) [Skills](Skills)

### Additional Attributes
On top of the above stats, your character also has a few additional values:

#### Total XP
An abstraction of your characters potential to learn and gain new abilities. [[Character-Development]] has details on how to spend this.

#### Spent XP
Aspirants will not immediately spend experience as they gain it, expertise comes from the knowledge of others so your spent XP should be tracked seperately from your total.

#### Power
A stat tracking how many times you character can perform certain powerful abilities. Some [Training](Character-Development#Training) will require you to expend this resource. It can be regained using the [Meditate](Telling-The-Story#Meditate) [Evening Activity](Telling-The-Story#Evening%20Activities).

Power is equal to 2 + 1 per [Training](Character-Development#Training) that requires power.

#### Move Speed
How far your character can move in 1 turn of combat. [Agility](#Agility) * 4 meters.

#### Initiative
Your AGI + INT. Used to determine turn order in combat.

#### Threat
The size of your largest weapon. Used to determine who unintelligent monsters target at random.

#### Heroism
Determined by your total XP. Used to survive attacks, show bravery, etc.

|XP|Bonuses|
|---|---|
|0-9|Heroism +0|
|10-19|Heroism +1|
|20-29|Heroism +2|
|30+|Heroism +3|

#### Max Toxicity
Your characters can only handle a certain amount of foreign material in your body before becoming ill.

Characters have a Max Toxicity equal to their STR + RES attributes. Your max toxicity is reduced by 1 for any permanent enchantment, prosthetic with additional abilities, and mutation your character possesses. Whenever you imbibe an alchemical elixir or are positively affected by some form of magic your character marks a level of Toxicity when your characters Toxicity level is equal to or greater than your Max Toxicity you are considered injured.

Toxicity resets to 0 during downtime.
