Game/Telling-The-Story.md, before:

## Telling The Story
Gameplay in Aspirant is generally split into a few different types of gameplay: Combat, Narrative Time, Travelling, Resting.

### Combat
Combat is the most rigorously kept time in Aspirant; as it is when you are most likely to be injured and die. Combat is covered in more detail [here](Combat), but in general, characters take turns acting in 5 second increments. 

### Narrative Time
Narrative time in aspirant involves characters in a place of interest doing activities, exploring, and progressing the story directly. The passage of narrative time can be a bit more ambiguous compared with combat. There aren’t rules for narrative time, this is when characters will be directing the focus and the story themselves.

### Resting
Resting is fast forwarded downtime your characters will sometimes have. This tends to happen when you arrive in a safe area. Each day, in a safe area, your character may perform 1 [Downtime Activities](#Downtime%20Activity). Unless you are receiving charity, your food, and housing costs 1 silver per day. If you cannot afford this, you do not get to do activities. On the last day of resting before departure, everyone in the party also gets to perform an [Evening Activity](#Evening%20Activity).

### Travelling
Travelling in Aspirant can take long amounts of time. Travelling at its simplest level involves knowing the direction or location of something and then travelling towards it. Travel will usually take a number of days. 

#### Travel Segment
For simplicity, travel is split into:
* 5 day segments:
* Or a partial segment on arriving at a destination:

At the end of each segment:
- characters will need to pay for the food they used (rations tend to cost 1 silver/day)
- horses will in most situations be able to feed themselves but otherwise also need 1 silver worth of food per day
- A full day of travel is considered 8 hours of continual travel, this gives the horses and characters ample time to rest
- Characters at the end of each travel segment get to perform an [Evening Activity](#Evening%20Activity).

#### Travel Encounter
During travel, characters may encounter other travellers, enemies or a point of interest. These will be handled by the GM and should lend to the danger and intrigue of the surrounding world. Generally, the world is sparse and most characters should only have 1 travel encounter per [Travel Segment](#Travel%20Segment), though in very dense or dangerous areas the GM can roll for more. If your players were attacked by wolves a number of times travelling through a forest instead, that should be handled as one extended narrative / combat scene where they realize they’ve entered dangerous territory and need to navigate out of it.

#### Ambush Encounter
Similarly, during travel, the party may be ambushed while camping. These should be high stakes encounters that put the players in danger. Generally, danger isn't lurking around every corner and the characters should only have 1 ambush encounter per [Travel Segment](#Travel%20Segment).

#### Regions
It may be useful to split your game space into regions, this will effect what [Resources](Resources) are readily available in that area. The five general regions are:
* Coast
* Forest
* Mountain
* Plain
* Swamp

### Influencing the Story
Aspirant should be a shared experience. So, when you play, the [GM](How-To-Play#GM) may ask you for suggestions or to volunteer ideas such as: “what is this town known for?”, “someone give me a cool female name.”. When these are accepted by the [GM](How-To-Play#GM), you receive 1 influence which you can spend to influence the game world in any way the GM allows. When you want to influence the world:
- You will ask the [GM](How-To-Play#GM), “Can this thing be the case?” 
- The [GM](How-To-Play#GM) will deliberate and assign an influence cost required “For it to be so you will need to spend X influence.”  
- Then you and any [players](How-To-Play#The%20Players) who would like to contribute can spend the required influence to make this happen.
- If you don’t have the influence, feel free to try to negotiate for something similarly useful to your character or of interest.

> So as an example, if you wanted to train a specific duellist training you could have this conversation:

> Player 1: “What if there is a travelling master swordsman moving through this town?” 

> GM: “hmm that isn’t too far-fetched I’ll allow a master duellist to be travelling through for 4 influence, or how about it’s a journeyman, but they know the training you want for 2 influence?”

> Player 2: “I’ll pitch in the extra 2 influences for the master! Maybe we can hire them to help with our next job!”

> Player 1: “Sure sounds good.”

> GM: “Great, spend 2 influence each, now tell me more about this swordsman. What is their name? What are they doing here?” 


Remember, as a [GM](How-To-Play#GM), this system is designed to get your players involved in building the world. Costs aren’t provided here since different [GMs](How-To-Play#GM) will ask their players more or less for help building the world, but some opportunity to shape it should be provided.

### Creating New Content
If a player has an idea for something their character wants to do that should require training but isn’t covered in the book, then if reasonable, you should let them perform it! Usually, since it is without training, there will be a large associated negative, but at that point work on making a training of an appropriate tier and let them immediately put, if available, 1XP towards it. They don’t need an expert or manual to start the training, their character invented it!

Commit message:

Added rules for projects (#61)
* Added rules for projects

* Additional Project trainings

Game/Telling-The-Story.md, after:

## Telling The Story
Gameplay in Aspirant is generally split into a few different types of gameplay: Combat, Narrative Time, Travelling, Resting.

### Combat
Combat is the most rigorously kept time in Aspirant; as it is when you are most likely to be injured and die. Combat is covered in more detail [here](Combat), but in general, characters take turns acting in 5 second increments. 

### Narrative Time
Narrative time in aspirant involves characters in a place of interest doing activities, exploring, and progressing the story directly. The passage of narrative time can be a bit more ambiguous compared with combat. There aren’t rules for narrative time, this is when characters will be directing the focus and the story themselves.

#### Scene
A scene refers to the current moment of action / intrigue playing out. Scenes don't have a defined length or strict rules but it is a useful way of talking about narrative play.

### Resting
Resting is fast forwarded downtime your characters will sometimes have. This tends to happen when you arrive in a safe area. Each day, in a safe area, your character may perform 1 [Downtime Activities](#Downtime%20Activity). Unless you are receiving charity, your food, and housing costs 1 silver per day. If you cannot afford this, you do not get to do activities. On the last day of resting before departure, everyone in the party also gets to perform an [Evening Activity](#Evening%20Activity).

### Travelling
Travelling in Aspirant can take long amounts of time. Travelling at its simplest level involves knowing the direction or location of something and then travelling towards it. Travel will usually take a number of days. 

#### Travel Segment
For simplicity, travel is split into:
* 5 day segments:
* Or a partial segment on arriving at a destination:

At the end of each segment:
- characters will need to pay for the food they used (rations tend to cost 1 silver/day)
- horses will in most situations be able to feed themselves but otherwise also need 1 silver worth of food per day
- A full day of travel is considered 8 hours of continual travel, this gives the horses and characters ample time to rest
- Characters at the end of each travel segment get to perform an [Evening Activity](#Evening%20Activity).

#### Travel Encounter
During travel, characters may encounter other travellers, enemies or a point of interest. These will be handled by the GM and should lend to the danger and intrigue of the surrounding world. Generally, the world is sparse and most characters should only have 1 travel encounter per [Travel Segment](#Travel%20Segment), though in very dense or dangerous areas the GM can roll for more. If your players were attacked by wolves a number of times travelling through a forest instead, that should be handled as one extended narrative / combat scene where they realize they’ve entered dangerous territory and need to navigate out of it.

#### Ambush Encounter
Similarly, during travel, the party may be ambushed while camping. These should be high stakes encounters that put the players in danger. Generally, danger isn't lurking around every corner and the characters should only have 1 ambush encounter per [Travel Segment](#Travel%20Segment).

#### Regions
It may be useful to split your game space into regions, this will effect what [Resources](Resources) are readily available in that area. The five general regions are:
* Coast
* Forest
* Mountain
* Plain
* Swamp

### Influencing the Story
Aspirant should be a shared experience. So, when you play, the [GM](How-To-Play#GM) may ask you for suggestions or to volunteer ideas such as: “what is this town known for?”, “someone give me a cool female name.”. When these are accepted by the [GM](How-To-Play#GM), you receive 1 influence which you can spend to influence the game world in any way the GM allows. When you want to influence the world:
- You will ask the [GM](How-To-Play#GM), “Can this thing be the case?” 
- The [GM](How-To-Play#GM) will deliberate and assign an influence cost required “For it to be so you will need to spend X influence.”  
- Then you and any [players](How-To-Play#The%20Players) who would like to contribute can spend the required influence to make this happen.
- If you don’t have the influence, feel free to try to negotiate for something similarly useful to your character or of interest.

> So as an example, if you wanted to train a specific duellist training you could have this conversation:

> Player 1: “What if there is a travelling master swordsman moving through this town?” 

> GM: “hmm that isn’t too far-fetched I’ll allow a master duellist to be travelling through for 4 influence, or how about it’s a journeyman, but they know the training you want for 2 influence?”

> Player 2: “I’ll pitch in the extra 2 influences for the master! Maybe we can hire them to help with our next job!”

> Player 1: “Sure sounds good.”

> GM: “Great, spend 2 influence each, now tell me more about this swordsman. What is their name? What are they doing here?” 


Remember, as a [GM](How-To-Play#GM), this system is designed to get your players involved in building the world. Costs aren’t provided here since different [GMs](How-To-Play#GM) will ask their players more or less for help building the world, but some opportunity to shape it should be provided.

### Creating New Content
If a player has an idea for something their character wants to do that should require training but isn’t covered in the book, then if reasonable, you should let them perform it! Usually, since it is without training, there will be a large associated negative, but at that point work on making a training of an appropriate tier and let them immediately put, if available, 1XP towards it. They don’t need an expert or manual to start the training, their character invented it!
