Game/Terminology.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Terminology
nav_order: 0
parent: How To Play
---
## Terminology

This page consists of all terms and keywords a player may come into contact with while playing the game.

### Attack
Any skill test where a [Character](#Character) is attempting to harm or disrupt another. 
### Successful Attack
If a [Character](#Character) succeeds on an [Attack](#Attack) skill test, that is considered a Successful Attack

### Non-mitigated Attack
If a [Character](#Character) succeeds on an [Attack](#Attack) skill test and their [Opponent](#Opponent) doesn't stop the attack with a [Reaction](#Reaction), that is a non-mitigated attack.

### Mitigated Attack
If a [Character](#Character) fails an attack roll or their [Opponent](#Opponent) stops the attack with a reaction, that is a mitigated attack.

### Injuring Attack
If a [Character](#Character) successfully causes an injury with an attack, that is an Injuring Attack.

### Reaction
A response a [Character](#Character) can perform in combat while it is not their turn. [Characters](#Character) generally get 1 reaction per [Combat Round](#Combat%20Round). A [Character's](#Character) reaction refreshes at the start of their [Combat Turn](#Combat%20Turn).

### Combat Round
In combat, a combat round is all the actions of every [Character](#Character) in that combat. When everyone has taken a combat turn, the combat round is over and a new combat round starts. If it is important for some reason, a combat round usually encompasses 5 seconds of time, but shouldn't be dwelled on too specifically unless necessary.

### Combat Turn
In combat, a turn is a [Character's](#Character) portion of the round. What they are doing is happening in parallel with everyone else, but for simplicity the game takes things in an order determined by initiative. On a character's turn, they can usually do one action and potentially move. See [Combat-Turn](Combat-Turn) for more details on what a character can do.

### Opponent
The opposition of a skill test. The character who will be negatively effected by the outcome.

### In Melee
A character is considered in melee if they are actively fighting another character with a weapon that does not have a specified range. Generally, this means they are within 2 meters of an [Opponent](#Opponent) and the [Character](#Character) has either attacked or been attacked. See [Being in Melee Combat](Combat#Being%20in%20Melee%20Combat) for more details.

### Character
References a player character, NPC, creature, or other entity that might perform an action, or have an action performed on them.

### Melee Attack
An [Attack](#Attack) with a weapon with no otherwise specified range that is not thrown. You can generally make a melee attack within 2m of your opponent.

### Thrown Attack
An [Attack](#Attack) with a weapon which is thrown at the target. Things like bows and crossbows are not thrown attacks.

### Trained
A [Character](#Character) is trained in something if they either have the relevant training, or at least 1 rank in the skill.

### Most Skilled
The [Character](#Character) with the highest bonus on a specific skill test.

### Ally
A character who is friendly and aiding a [Character](#Character).

### Free Action
An action that can be done in parallel with other actions during a [Combat Turn](#Combat%20Turn).

#### Shield
Any [Weapons](Weapons) with the [Shield](Weapon-Traits#Shield) trait.

### Follower
#TODOFollowers
A character who is an [Ally](#Ally) but also is willing to be directly commanded.

### Mounted
A [Character](#Character) is mounted if they are currently riding on another tamed creature which they are in control of. This usually means a horse, but could be another creature.

### Combat Action
Any skill test related to combat.

### Social Action
Any skill test related to communicating or interacting non-violently with another character.

### Action
Something that a [Character](#Character) does, usually requires a skill test and time.

### Ranged Attack
Any [Attack](#Attack) that isn't a [Melee Attack](#Melee%20Attack).

### Obey Conservation Of Mass
When you craft or otherwise create something, you need to be mindful that something cannot come from nothing. So a size 3 item requires at least 3 size of materials if not otherwise specified to create.

### Crafting Cost
The general requirement to craft, create, or perform a [Ritual Magic](Magic#Ritual%20Magic). If not otherwise specified, the crafting cost for something is to [Obey Conservation Of Mass](#Obey%20Conservation%20Of%20Mass).

### Requirement
This training requires something else before it can be used.

### Substitute
You may when expected to perform one type of skill test, you may instead perform the substitute.

### Non-Combat
An [Action](#Action) that isn't related to combat, and does not happen during combat.

### Re-roll
A re-roll is when a character rerolls all dice they just rolled and recalculates the results based on the new numbers.

Commit message:

Damage Simplify (#102)
* Start of armour simplify

* Progress

* More progress cleaning up damage.

* Initial work on the damage overhaul.

* Spelling

Game/Terminology.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Terminology
nav_order: 0
parent: How To Play
---
## Terminology

This page consists of all terms and keywords a player may come into contact with while playing the game.

### Attack
Any skill test where a [Character](#Character) is attempting to harm or disrupt another. 
### Successful Attack
If a [Character](#Character) succeeds on an [Attack](#Attack) skill test, that is considered a Successful Attack

### Non-mitigated Attack
If a [Character](#Character) succeeds on an [Attack](#Attack) skill test and their [Opponent](#Opponent) doesn't stop the attack with a [Reaction](#Reaction), that is a non-mitigated attack.

### Mitigated Attack
If a [Character](#Character) fails an attack roll or their [Opponent](#Opponent) stops the attack with a reaction, that is a mitigated attack.

### Damage
An abstraction for how much power and harm is behind an attack. When you suffer damage it is first absorbed by [Armour](Armour) and then results in [Injury](Injury).

### Injuring Attack
If a [Character](#Character) successfully causes an injury with an attack, that is an Injuring Attack.

### Reaction
A response a [Character](#Character) can perform in combat while it is not their turn. [Characters](#Character) generally get 1 reaction per [Combat Round](#Combat%20Round). A [Character's](#Character) reaction refreshes at the start of their [Combat Turn](#Combat%20Turn). See [Reacting-To-Attacks](Reacting-To-Attacks) for a list of example reactions.

### Combat Round
In combat, a combat round is all the actions of every [Character](#Character) in that combat. When everyone has taken a combat turn, the combat round is over and a new combat round starts. If it is important for some reason, a combat round usually encompasses 5 seconds of time, but shouldn't be dwelled on too specifically unless necessary.

### Combat Turn
In combat, a turn is a [Character's](#Character) portion of the round. What they are doing is happening in parallel with everyone else, but for simplicity the game takes things in an order determined by initiative. On a character's turn, they can usually do one action and potentially move. See [Combat-Turn](Combat-Turn) for more details on what a character can do.

### Opponent
The opposition of a skill test. The character who will be negatively effected by the outcome.

### In Melee
A character is considered in melee if they are actively fighting another character with a weapon that does not have a specified range. Generally, this means they are within 2 meters of an [Opponent](#Opponent) and the [Character](#Character) has either attacked or been attacked. See [Being in Melee Combat](Combat#Being%20in%20Melee%20Combat) for more details.

### Character
References a player character, NPC, creature, or other entity that might perform an action, or have an action performed on them.

### Melee Attack
An [Attack](#Attack) with a weapon with no otherwise specified range that is not thrown. You can generally make a melee attack within 2m of your opponent.

### Thrown Attack
An [Attack](#Attack) with a weapon which is thrown at the target. Things like bows and crossbows are not thrown attacks.

### Trained
A [Character](#Character) is trained in something if they either have the relevant training, or at least 1 rank in the skill.

### Most Skilled
The [Character](#Character) with the highest bonus on a specific skill test.

### Ally
A character who is friendly and aiding a [Character](#Character).

### Free Action
An action that can be done in parallel with other actions during a [Combat Turn](#Combat%20Turn).

#### Shield
Any [Weapons](Weapons) with the [Shield](Weapon-Traits#Shield) trait.

### Follower
#TODOFollowers
A character who is an [Ally](#Ally) but also is willing to be directly commanded.

### Mounted
A [Character](#Character) is mounted if they are currently riding on another tamed creature which they are in control of. This usually means a horse, but could be another creature.

### Combat Action
Any skill test related to combat.

### Social Action
Any skill test related to communicating or interacting non-violently with another character.

### Action
Something that a [Character](#Character) does, usually requires a skill test and time.

### Ranged Attack
Any [Attack](#Attack) that isn't a [Melee Attack](#Melee%20Attack).

### Obey Conservation Of Mass
When you craft or otherwise create something, you need to be mindful that something cannot come from nothing. So a size 3 item requires at least 3 size of materials if not otherwise specified to create.

### Crafting Cost
The general requirement to craft, create, or perform a [Ritual Magic](Magic#Ritual%20Magic). If not otherwise specified, the crafting cost for something is to [Obey Conservation Of Mass](#Obey%20Conservation%20Of%20Mass).

### Requirement
This training requires something else before it can be used.

### Substitute
You may when expected to perform one type of skill test, you may instead perform the substitute.

### Non-Combat
An [Action](#Action) that isn't related to combat, and does not happen during combat.

### Re-roll
A re-roll is when a character rerolls all dice they just rolled and recalculates the results based on the new numbers.
