Game/Transmuter.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Transmuter
parent: Magic Training
grand_parent: Character Development
nav_order: 2
---
## Transmuter
One of the 8 [Magic Training](Magic-Training) disciplines.

The act of manipulating matter. A character could use transmutation to alter their form, make a weapon out of junk, create wine from water.

### Basic
#### Amateur Transmutation
If your character has [Attuned](Magic-Training#Attuned), your character can [Channel](Channel) to:
* Change a comestible into something more useful. 
* Alter yourself in simple ways.

#### Wire Fight
You Can Use [Resolve](Stats#Resolve) instead of Agility to Calculate Movement distance.

#### Wild Casting
You can cast spells normally while transformed into a non-humanoid creature. You can also speak normally.

---
### Advanced

#### Expert Transmutation
If your character has [Amateur Transmutation](#Amateur%20Transmutation) training, your character can [Channel](Channel) to:
* Change a tool, weapon, or armour into something more useful. 
* Alter the world around you.
* Alter yourself in meaningful ways, including transforming into animals. 
* Alter others in simple ways.

#### Kinetic Monk
If your character has [Black Belt](Pugilist#Black%20Belt) Training, while using a [Focus](Example-Gear#Focus) you can substitute your [Resolve](Stats#Resolve) for [Strength](Stats#Strength) when performing melee attacks and [Special Manoeuvres](Combat#Special%20Manoeuvres). You can also perform unarmed melee attacks and [Special Manoeuvres](Combat#Special%20Manoeuvres) at a range of double your [Resolve](Stats#Resolve)

---
### Master

#### Master Transmutation
If your character has [Expert Transmutation](#Expert%20Transmutation) training, your character can [Channel](Channel) to:

* Change yourself into incredible forms, including magical creatures.
* Alter others in meaningful ways. 
* Transform an item into something completely unrelated.

Commit message:

[WIP] Skill Cleanup (#77)
* Incomplete

* Create Temp Skills File.md

* Update Temp Skills File.md

* Update Temp Skills File.md

* More ideas to work through

* More suggestion stuff

* Strength Skills Done

* More STR updates

* Moved Attributes to their own files

* Update references for STR skills

* pre lint

* Linted all files

* Cleanup Link Changes

* Agility Skills Done

* Int Skills Done

* Updated Missed Refs

* Renamed Fellowship to Communication

* Fellowship Skills done

* renamed resolve to spirit

* Res Skills Done

* remove temp files

Game/Transmuter.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Transmuter
parent: Magic Training
grand_parent: Character Development
nav_order: 2
---
## Transmuter
One of the 8 [Magic Training](Magic-Training) disciplines.

The act of manipulating matter. A character could use transmutation to alter their form, make a weapon out of junk, create wine from water.

### Basic
#### Amateur Transmutation
If your character has [Attuned](Magic-Training#Attuned), your character can [Will](Spirit#Will) to:
* Change a comestible into something more useful. 
* Alter yourself in simple ways.

#### Wire Fight
You Can Use [Spirit](Spirit) instead of Agility to Calculate Movement distance.

#### Wild Casting
You can cast spells normally while transformed into a non-humanoid creature. You can also speak normally.

---
### Advanced

#### Expert Transmutation
If your character has [Amateur Transmutation](#Amateur%20Transmutation) training, your character can [Will](Spirit#Will) to:
* Change a tool, weapon, or armour into something more useful. 
* Alter the world around you.
* Alter yourself in meaningful ways, including transforming into animals. 
* Alter others in simple ways.

#### Kinetic Monk
If your character has [Black Belt](Pugilist#Black%20Belt) Training, while using a [Focus](Example-Gear#Focus) you can substitute your [Spirit](Spirit) for [Strength](Strength) when performing melee attacks and [Special Manoeuvres](Combat#Special%20Manoeuvres). You can also perform unarmed melee attacks and [Special Manoeuvres](Combat#Special%20Manoeuvres) at a range of double your [Spirit](Spirit)

---
### Master

#### Master Transmutation
If your character has [Expert Transmutation](#Expert%20Transmutation) training, your character can [Will](Spirit#Will) to:

* Change yourself into incredible forms, including magical creatures.
* Alter others in meaningful ways. 
* Transform an item into something completely unrelated.
