### Managing Injuries
Aside from the trauma of being injured in the field there are also other immediate risks to a person who has been injured and they will need treatment to stay healthy or remain alive (depending on severity).

When determining difficulty and negatives for any injuries you just count the injury that would give you the largest negative/penalty. Multiple injuries don’t provide cumulative negatives.

### Stabilization
Even if you aren’t trained in medicine as long as you have access to a trauma kit or first aid kit you may attempt to stabilize someone's injuries. This is a very basic test which means they are no longer bleeding, their burns have been covered, etc. This is a medicine test with a modifier of (0) and passing/failing this test will influence whether a person survives their injuries when they finish a mission. Whether or not you succeed on your stabilization test a person will no longer be bleeding to death. A stabilization test must take place within 10 minutes of receiving the injuries for a person to receive the bonuses of stabilization on later medical tests.

### First Aid
A trained medical professional with a trauma kit can perform first aid to alleviate the immediate effects of injuries. This is in the form of ointments and medicines to reduce pain, braces, stitching and other solutions. When you make a first aid test it is at an additional negative equal to the character's injury penalty. If you succeed, reduce their injury penalty by 1 and they count as stabilized for the effects of long term care. If you fail a first aid test you may still attempt to stabilize the person.

### Surgery
If you have time you may also perform surgery on someone who has suffered lasting injuries to treat them. Surgery at a minimum requires a flat surface and a trauma kit. However you receive a +2 for having surgical tools, a +2 for a sterile environment, a +1 for monitoring equipment and a +1 for taking double the time. If you have access to any replacement body parts they can be reapplied as part of surgery. Surgery takes 20 minutes per injury the person has sustained with chest injuries taking 2 times as long and head injuries taking 3 times as long. The total time in surgery is equal to the sum of all injuries. Surgery is in general a medical test at a -3 with an additional negative equal to the character's injury penalty. A successful surgery removes the negative a person is suffering however they will be at a -1 for an hour as they get out of their daze (this counts as administering medicine). If you fail a surgery test the person does not get better and counts as having a “failed surgery” when determining if they survive their injuries long term.

### Long Term Care
If a person sleeps after becoming wounded or otherwise has a large amount of down time it is expected that a medical professional should take care of them. This is a medical test which receives a +2 if you have access to a full medical facility. If you succeed on this regular difficulty medical test the person's injury negatives are reduced by 1 until they need long term care again. Even if you fail this medical test a person still counts as receiving long term care for surviving their injuries.