Game/Weapon-Traits.md, before:

## [Weapon](Weapons) Traits

| Name                                                | Cost |
| --------------------------------------------------- | ---- |
| [Balanced](#Balanced)                               | 1    |
| [Black Powder](#Black%20Powder)                     | 1    |
| [Crossbow](#Crossbow)                               | 1    |
| [Deadly Draw](#Deadly%20Draw)                       | 1    |
| [Fast Reloading](#Fast%20Reloading)                 | 1    |
| [Hand and a Half](#Hand%20and%20a%20Half)           | 1    |
| [Inscribed](#Inscribed)                             | 1    |
| [Lethal](#Lethal)                                   | 1    |
| [Momentum](#Momentum)                               | 1    |
| [Multiple Damage Types](#Multiple%20Damage%20Types) | 1    |
| [Multiple Shots](#Multiple%20Shots)                 | 1    |
| [Reach](#Reach)                                     | 1    |
| [Shield](#Shield)                                   | 1    |
| [Sling](#Sling)                                     | 1    |
| [Throwable](#Throwable)                             | 1    |
| [Bow](#Bow)                                         | 2    |
| [Folding](#Folding)                                 | 2    |
| [Overweight](#Overweight)                           | 2    |
| [Penetrating](#Penetrating)                         | 2    |
| [Perfect](#Perfect)                                 | 2    |

### 1 Cost Traits

#### Balanced
+1 to defensive skill tests using this weapon.

#### Black Powder
Your weapon fires balls of lead propelled by incendiary powder. It no longer can be used as a melee weapon and is instead a ranged weapon with a range equal to 10m x size. You don’t add your STR to damage, but get an inherent +6 damage bonus. Reloading a black powder weapon takes 1 minute. 

#### Bow
This weapon fires fletched arrows. It no longer can be used as a melee weapon and is instead a ranged weapon with a range equal to 10m x size. You can add STR to damage up to a maximum of the size of the weapon. Readying an arrow and firing a bow in the same turn gives a -1 to the [Marksmanship](Marksmanship) test.

#### Crossbow
Your weapon fires bolts of metal. It no longer can be used as a melee weapon and is instead a ranged weapon with a range equal to 10m x size. You don’t add your STR to damage, but get an inherent +1 damage bonus, and double the normal size bonus. After firing a crossbow, it takes a combat turn to reload.

#### Deadly Draw
This weapon is penetrative for your first attack in any combat.

#### Fast Reloading
If your weapon requires ammo, it can be reloaded in half the time. Reloads that normally take an action are instead free and any skill tests performed that turn are at a -2.

#### Hand and a Half
This weapon counts as 1 size larger if wielded in two hands.

#### Inscribed
This weapon counts as a Focus for [Channel](Channel) skill tests.    

#### Lethal
This weapon deals 1 additional damage.

#### Momentum
Whenever you attack with this weapon and don’t strike anything (either miss or the attack is dodged) your next attack gains +1 to hit and +1 to damage (up to three times). 

#### Multiple Damage Types
When you create this weapon, choose two damage types instead of one. When you attack, select one of the two types.       

#### Multiple Shots
If your weapon requires ammo, it can hold 3 additional readied shots.   

#### Reach
A weapon with the reach trait can be used to perform melee attacks up to 2m away and doing so doesn’t put you in melee combat with the target.

#### Shield
This weapon can no longer be used for attacks. Instead, it provides a +2 to defensive skill tests using it.

#### Sling
This weapon aids with throwing things long distances. A size 1 or 2 sling doubles your thrown range, size 3 or 4 triples it, and a size 5 sling quadruples your thrown range. If you load and launch a sling in the same turn, your skill test to attack is at a -1.

#### Throwable
This weapon is balanced for throwing, you receive no penalties to throwing it.  

### 2 Cost Traits

#### Folding
This weapon counts as two separate sizes. When stored, it is considered the smaller size. As an action, you may change which size it counts as, or at the end of any attack action you can change the size. 

#### Overweight
This weapon has -1 to skill tests made with it and does +3 damage. 

#### Penetrating
This weapon ignores resistances of armour.   

#### Perfect
This weapon receives a +1 bonus to all skill tests made with it.

Commit message:

Hand and a half, and folding bonuses

Game/Weapon-Traits.md, after:

## [Weapon](Weapons) Traits

| Name                                                | Cost |
| --------------------------------------------------- | ---- |
| [Balanced](#Balanced)                               | 1    |
| [Black Powder](#Black%20Powder)                     | 1    |
| [Crossbow](#Crossbow)                               | 1    |
| [Deadly Draw](#Deadly%20Draw)                       | 1    |
| [Fast Reloading](#Fast%20Reloading)                 | 1    |
| [Hand and a Half](#Hand%20and%20a%20Half)           | 1    |
| [Inscribed](#Inscribed)                             | 1    |
| [Lethal](#Lethal)                                   | 1    |
| [Momentum](#Momentum)                               | 1    |
| [Multiple Damage Types](#Multiple%20Damage%20Types) | 1    |
| [Multiple Shots](#Multiple%20Shots)                 | 1    |
| [Reach](#Reach)                                     | 1    |
| [Shield](#Shield)                                   | 1    |
| [Sling](#Sling)                                     | 1    |
| [Throwable](#Throwable)                             | 1    |
| [Bow](#Bow)                                         | 2    |
| [Folding](#Folding)                                 | 2    |
| [Overweight](#Overweight)                           | 2    |
| [Penetrating](#Penetrating)                         | 2    |
| [Perfect](#Perfect)                                 | 2    |

### 1 Cost Traits

#### Balanced
+1 to defensive skill tests using this weapon.

#### Black Powder
Your weapon fires balls of lead propelled by incendiary powder. It no longer can be used as a melee weapon and is instead a ranged weapon with a range equal to 10m x size. You don’t add your STR to damage, but get an inherent +6 damage bonus. Reloading a black powder weapon takes 1 minute. 

#### Bow
This weapon fires fletched arrows. It no longer can be used as a melee weapon and is instead a ranged weapon with a range equal to 10m x size. You can add STR to damage up to a maximum of the size of the weapon. Readying an arrow and firing a bow in the same turn gives a -1 to the [Marksmanship](Marksmanship) test.

#### Crossbow
Your weapon fires bolts of metal. It no longer can be used as a melee weapon and is instead a ranged weapon with a range equal to 10m x size. You don’t add your STR to damage, but get an inherent +1 damage bonus, and double the normal size bonus. After firing a crossbow, it takes a combat turn to reload.

#### Deadly Draw
This weapon is penetrative for your first attack in any combat.

#### Fast Reloading
If your weapon requires ammo, it can be reloaded in half the time. Reloads that normally take an action are instead free and any skill tests performed that turn are at a -2.

#### Hand and a Half
This weapon counts as 1 size larger if wielded in two hands. The weapon recieves one additional trait that only counts when used in two hands.

#### Inscribed
This weapon counts as a Focus for [Channel](Channel) skill tests.    

#### Lethal
This weapon deals 1 additional damage.

#### Momentum
Whenever you attack with this weapon and don’t strike anything (either miss or the attack is dodged) your next attack gains +1 to hit and +1 to damage (up to three times). 

#### Multiple Damage Types
When you create this weapon, choose two damage types instead of one. When you attack, select one of the two types.       

#### Multiple Shots
If your weapon requires ammo, it can hold 3 additional readied shots.   

#### Reach
A weapon with the reach trait can be used to perform melee attacks up to 2m away and doing so doesn’t put you in melee combat with the target.

#### Shield
This weapon can no longer be used for attacks. Instead, it provides a +2 to defensive skill tests using it.

#### Sling
This weapon aids with throwing things long distances. A size 1 or 2 sling doubles your thrown range, size 3 or 4 triples it, and a size 5 sling quadruples your thrown range. If you load and launch a sling in the same turn, your skill test to attack is at a -1.

#### Throwable
This weapon is balanced for throwing, you receive no penalties to throwing it.  

### 2 Cost Traits

#### Folding
This weapon counts as two separate sizes. When stored, it is considered the smaller size. As an action, you may change which size it counts as, or at the end of any attack action you can change the size. Aside from Folding the weapon can count as having seperate traits in each form.

#### Overweight
This weapon has -1 to skill tests made with it and does +3 damage. 

#### Penetrating
This weapon ignores resistances of armour.   

#### Perfect
This weapon receives a +1 bonus to all skill tests made with it.
