Game/Weapons.md, before:

## Weapons
Weapon [Equipment](Equipment) can normally be separated into 3 categories: Basic, Martial and Exotic. Anyone can use a Basic weapon without difficulty. A Martial or Exotic weapon would require additional training.

In the world of Aspirant, there are plenty of unique weapons to be found and experienced. Some examples will be provided, along with rules for creating your own weapons in each category.

### Damage Bonus
Weapons receive an inherent bonus to damage based on their other values. Your damage bonus is used when [Dealing Damage](Combat#Dealing%20Damage).

### Size
Weapons, like all items, come in various sizes. However, in the case of weapons, an item's size has more effect than just the required storage space. 
- A weapon's size is added to its damage bonus
- Weapons of size 1-2 require one hand
- Weapons of size 3-4 require two hands
- Weapons of size 5 cannot be traditionally wielded by adventurers.

> Examples of weapon sizes are as follows:
Size 1 - Dagger, hammer, knife
Size 2 - Arming Sword, Mace, Truncheon
Size 3 - Long sword, Warhammer, Spear
Size 4 - Lance, Great Sword
Size 5 - Giant Weapons

> So, for example, a long sword is a size 3 weapon. This means it is two-handed, gets +3 damage bonus.

### Damage Type
Weapons can usually have any of the physical damage types [Piercing](Combat#Piercing), [Rending](Combat#Rending), [Impact](Combat#Impact). This will affect what injuries it will cause and what armour will defend against it. Fabrics tend to be strong against [Impact](Combat#Impact), plates against [Rending](Combat#Rending), and weaves against [Piercing](Combat#Piercing). 

### Range
Weapons, unless specified, can only be used in melee. Most characters can attack anything within 2m in melee. Some traits will modify range though.

### [Weapon-Traits](Weapon-Traits)
Abilities or unique effects a weapon might possess. If you have an idea in mind as a player or game master, try to come up with a unique trait to properly represent a weapon.  Traits can either count as 1 or 2 traits towards a weapon's total, depending on how powerful the trait is. A non-exhaustive list is provided [here](Weapon-Traits). 

### Quality
Weapons come in a variety of qualities. Higher quality weapons require specific [Combat Training](Combat-Training) to use. For more details on how quality effects a weapon you can look at [Designing Weapons](Designing-Weapons#Quality)

### Acquiring Weapons
* [Purchased](Example-Weapons)
* [Found through play](Equipment#Looting)
* [Crafted](Designing-Weapons)
* Commissioned [Costs Of Services](Services#Costs%20Of%20Services)

Commit message:

Materials overhaul (#69)
* Added munitions page, removed spell book

* Rename martial to artisan, add tiers for the 8 basic material types

* Apply suggestions from code review

* Last touches

Game/Weapons.md, after:

## Weapons
Weapon [Equipment](Equipment) can normally be separated into 3 categories: Basic, artisan and exotic. Anyone can use a Basic weapon without difficulty. An artisan or exotic weapon would require additional training or attacks will be at a -3.

In the world of Aspirant, there are plenty of unique weapons to be found and experienced. Some examples will be provided, along with rules for creating your own weapons in each category.

### Damage Bonus
Weapons receive an inherent bonus to damage based on their other values. Your damage bonus is used when [Dealing Damage](Combat#Dealing%20Damage).

### Size
Weapons, like all items, come in various sizes. However, in the case of weapons, an item's size has more effect than just the required storage space. 
- A weapon's size is added to its damage bonus
- Weapons of size 1-2 require one hand
- Weapons of size 3-4 require two hands
- Weapons of size 5 cannot be traditionally wielded by adventurers.

> Examples of weapon sizes are as follows:
Size 1 - Dagger, hammer, knife
Size 2 - Arming Sword, Mace, Truncheon
Size 3 - Long sword, Warhammer, Spear
Size 4 - Lance, Great Sword
Size 5 - Giant Weapons

> So, for example, a long sword is a size 3 weapon. This means it is two-handed, gets +3 damage bonus.

### Damage Type
Weapons can usually have any of the physical damage types [Piercing](Combat#Piercing), [Rending](Combat#Rending), [Impact](Combat#Impact). This will affect what injuries it will cause and what armour will defend against it. Fabrics tend to be strong against [Impact](Combat#Impact), plates against [Rending](Combat#Rending), and weaves against [Piercing](Combat#Piercing). 

### Range
Weapons, unless specified, can only be used in melee. Most characters can attack anything within 2m in melee. Some traits will modify range though.

### [Weapon-Traits](Weapon-Traits)
Abilities or unique effects a weapon might possess. If you have an idea in mind as a player or game master, try to come up with a unique trait to properly represent a weapon.  Traits can either count as 1 or 2 traits towards a weapon's total, depending on how powerful the trait is. A non-exhaustive list is provided [here](Weapon-Traits). 

### Quality
Weapons come in a variety of qualities. Higher quality weapons require specific [Combat Training](Combat-Training) to use. For more details on how quality effects a weapon you can look at [Designing Weapons](Designing-Weapons#Quality)

### Acquiring Weapons
* [Purchased](Example-Weapons)
* [Found through play](Equipment#Looting)
* [Crafted](Designing-Weapons)
* Commissioned [Costs Of Services](Services#Costs%20Of%20Services)
