README.md, before:

## Aspirant
### A Game about Adventure and Expertise
A Collaboration By: [Multiple Parties](https://github.com/bombasticSlacks/Aspirant/graphs/contributors) Licensed Under: [CC BY SA 4.0](https://github.com/bombasticSlacks/Aspirant/blob/main/LICENSE) Originally At: [GitHub](https://github.com/bombasticSlacks/Aspirant) 

## Rules
* The entirety of the games content is provided in Markdown in the Game folder for reuse and forking.
* Hosted at: https://aspirantrpg.com/
* Rules are also rendered in the [Wiki](https://github.com/bombasticSlacks/Aspirant/wiki/How-To-Play) of the [GitHub](https://github.com/bombasticSlacks/Aspirant) repository for direct perusal.

## Rendering Locally
* Should be renderable with anything that supports markdown.
* Optimized for [Obsidian,](https://obsidian.md/) a note-taking tool using Markdown files.

## Additional Content
* If you create content for Aspirant, make an [issue](https://github.com/bombasticSlacks/Aspirant/issues) letting me know where it can be found, and I will include a link here (if this file gets too large it will be migrated to a separate file).
* Though it is only a request, try to keep any content for Aspirant accessible with open technology, I have chosen markdown for its ease of reading, sharing, and rendering.

## Automation
Any PRs to the game folder will automatically populate to the [Wiki,](https://github.com/bombasticSlacks/Aspirant/wiki/How-To-Play) no additional work needs to be done.

## Configuring Obsidian
To work on Aspirant I use https://github.com/tgrosinger/advanced-tables-obsidian, https://github.com/platers/obsidian-linter, and https://github.com/Vinzent03/obsidian-sort-and-permute-lines

### Adding Linter Config

To add the linter config to your system you can take the data file in the .obsidian/linter-config folder and put it in
.obsidian/plugins/obsidian-linter overwrite what is already there.

Commit message:

Updated some license info, added media details.

README.md, after:

## Aspirant
### A Game about Adventure and Expertise
A Collaboration By: [Multiple Parties](https://github.com/bombasticSlacks/Aspirant/graphs/contributors) Licensed Under: [CC BY SA 4.0](https://github.com/bombasticSlacks/Aspirant/blob/main/LICENSE) Originally At: [GitHub](https://github.com/bombasticSlacks/Aspirant) 

## Rules
* The entirety of the games content is provided in Markdown in the Game folder for reuse and forking.
* Hosted at: https://aspirantrpg.com/
* Rules are also rendered in the [Wiki](https://github.com/bombasticSlacks/Aspirant/wiki/How-To-Play) of the [GitHub](https://github.com/bombasticSlacks/Aspirant) repository for direct perusal.

## Rendering Locally
* Should be renderable with anything that supports markdown.
* Optimized for [Obsidian,](https://obsidian/) a note-taking tool using Markdown files.

## Additional Content
* If you create content for Aspirant, make an [issue](https://github.com/bombasticSlacks/Aspirant/issues) letting me know where it can be found, and I will include a link here (if this file gets too large it will be migrated to a separate file).
* Though it is only a request, try to keep any content for Aspirant accessible with open technology, I have chosen markdown for its ease of reading, sharing, and rendering.

## Automation
Any PRs to the game folder will automatically populate to the [Wiki,](https://github.com/bombasticSlacks/Aspirant/wiki/How-To-Play) no additional work needs to be done.

## Configuring Obsidian
To work on Aspirant I use https://github.com/tgrosinger/advanced-tables-obsidian, https://github.com/platers/obsidian-linter, and https://github.com/Vinzent03/obsidian-sort-and-permute-lines

### Adding Linter Config
To add the linter config to your system you can take the data file in the .obsidian/linter-config folder and put it in
.obsidian/plugins/obsidian-linter, overwrite what is already there.

## Licensing
Content in this repository, text, media, or otherwise is licensed as [CC-BY-SA 4.0](https://github.com/bombasticSlacks/Aspirant/blob/main/LICENSE) unless otherwise specified in the [Media File](https://github.com/bombasticSlacks/Aspirant/blob/main/Media.txt) or directly in it's file.
Reminder that all subsequent works based on Aspirant **must** also be under CC-BY-SA 4.0 or a compliant licence.
