Game/Worlds/Post-Calamity/Hooks.md, before:

---
layout: default
nav_exclude: true
---
## Hooks and Intrigue
For [Post-Calamity](Post-Calamity) A list of things the players know of, and quests they wish to complete.

### Revenge Served Cold
[Akren](Akren) cousin murdered by the leader of the barrel blasters to the North East.

### Staff Of Power
[Vespin-Aevaris](Vespin-Aevaris) knows of a staff of power in a dead civilisation crypt to the South West of [Crosshaven](Crosshaven)

### The Manticore
[Arturas-Gabrys](Arturas-Gabrys) knows there is a manticore broken free from a wizard tower NE of [Crosshaven](Crosshaven). [Argent-Hold](Argent-Hold) needs experts to track and deal with it. Grey and brown sell swords from [Session-1](Session-1.md) were travelling in that direction.

## Complete
For [Post-Calamity](Post-Calamity) a list of completed hooks

### Apetite In The Mines
Something is in the nearby [Wayside Quarry](Wayside#Wayside%20Quarry) the day manager has a bounty up of 40 silver.

**Complete 2XP 40 Silver**

### Departing
Setting out, [Simple-Joe](Simple-Joe), [Alexander-Aurelius](Alexander-Aurelius), [Greg-Colter](Greg-Colter) all decide to depart from [Crosshaven](Crosshaven) on their way to [Wayside](Wayside). Planning to meet [Akren](Akren) there.

**COMPLETE** 1XP

### Something Underground
There is a civilization under the mines according to [Tellian](Session-2#Tellian)

**COMPLETE 1XP**

Commit message:

Updates for session 2 goose (#78)
* Notes + fixes

* Calamity Updates

Game/Worlds/Post-Calamity/Hooks.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Hooks
parent: Post Calamity
nav_order: 2
grand_parent: Worlds
---
## Hooks and Intrigue
For [Post-Calamity](Post-Calamity) A list of things the players know of, and quests they wish to complete.

### Revenge Served Cold
[Akren](Akren) cousin murdered by the leader of the barrel blasters to the North East.

### Staff Of Power
[Vespin-Aevaris](Vespin-Aevaris) knows of a staff of power in a dead civilisation crypt to the South West of [Crosshaven](Crosshaven)

### The Manticore
[Arturas-Gabrys](Arturas-Gabrys) knows there is a manticore broken free from a wizard tower NE of [Crosshaven](Crosshaven). [Argent-Hold](Argent-Hold) needs experts to track and deal with it. Grey and brown sell swords from [Session-1](Session-1) were travelling in that direction.

## Complete
For [Post-Calamity](Post-Calamity) a list of completed hooks

### Apetite In The Mines
Something is in the nearby [Wayside Quarry](Wayside#Wayside%20Quarry) the day manager has a bounty up of 40 silver.

**Complete 2XP 40 Silver**

### Departing
Setting out, [Simple-Joe](Simple-Joe), [Alexander-Aurelius](Alexander-Aurelius), [Greg-Colter](Greg-Colter) all decide to depart from [Crosshaven](Crosshaven) on their way to [Wayside](Wayside). Planning to meet [Akren](Akren) there.

**COMPLETE** 1XP

### Something Underground
There is a civilization under the mines according to [Tellian](Session-2#Tellian)

**COMPLETE 1XP**
