Game/Gear/Full-Plate.md, before:

Armour
{: .label .label-purple }

[Exotic](Game/Designing-Armour#Exotic)
{: .label .label-blue }

[Master Work](Game/Designing-Weapons#Master%20Work)
{: .label .label-red }

#### Full Plate

| [Armour Integrity](Game/Core/Armour#Armour%20Integrity)    | 6                                                                          |
| :--------------------------------------------------------- | :------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Skill Penalty](Game/Core/Armour#Skill%20Penalty)          | (-1)                                                                       |
| [Weakness](Game/Core/Armour#Weakness%20and%20Resistance)   | -                                                                          |
| [Resistance](Game/Core/Armour#Weakness%20and%20Resistance) | [Rending](Game/Core/Injury#Rending), [Piercing](Game/Core/Injury#Piercing) |
| [Armour-Traits](Game/Core/Armour-Traits)                   | -                                                                          |

Commit message:

V.3 Pt. 1 (#164)
* more skill changes

* Update Designing-Weapons.md

* Exotic Updates

* Bound Item Details

* Start of example gear

* linting

* Update Gear

* Pre Lint Rename

* Linting

* Armour Design Overhaul

* Armours updated to new rules

* Hunter and Enthusiast

* Rename Reaction Penalty

* Knight Done

* Commander Done

* Move interests

* Assassin done

* Paladin Stuff

* Update Core

* Page cleanup for the site

Game/Gear/Full-Plate.md, after:

Armour
{: .label .label-purple }

[Exotic](Game/Designing-Armour#Exotic)
{: .label .label-blue }

[Master Work](Game/Designing-Weapons#Master%20Work)
{: .label .label-red }

#### Full Plate
*Glorious high grade metal quenched and heat treated in exotic oils to further temper the armour. Metal with Liquid.*

| [Armour Integrity](Game/Core/Armour#Armour%20Integrity)    | 16                                                                                            |
| :--------------------------------------------------------- | :-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Reaction Penalty](Game/Core/Armour#Reaction%20Penalty)          | (-2)                                                                                          |
| [Weakness](Game/Core/Armour#Weakness%20and%20Resistance)   | [Cold](Game/Core/Injury#Cold), [Life](Game/Core/Injury#Life)!, [Heat](Game/Core/Injury#Heat)! |
| [Resistance](Game/Core/Armour#Weakness%20and%20Resistance) | [Rending](Game/Core/Injury#Rending)                                                           |
| [Armour-Traits](Game/Core/Armour-Traits)                   | -                                                                                             |
