Game/Gear/Sunsworn-Breastplate.md, before:

Armour
{: .label .label-purple }

[Artisan](Game/Designing-Armour#Artisan)
{: .label .label-blue }

[Discordant](Game/Magic-Items#Discordant)
{: .label .label-blue }

[Master Work](Game/Designing-Armour#Master%20Work)
{: .label .label-red }

#### Sunsworn Breastplate

| [Armour Integrity](Game/Core/Armour#Armour%20Integrity)    | 6                                                                                                                                                                          |
| :--------------------------------------------------------- | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Skill Penalty](Game/Core/Armour#Skill%20Penalty)          | -1                                                                                                                                                                         |
| [Weakness](Game/Core/Armour#Weakness%20and%20Resistance)   | [Cold](Game/Core/Injury#Cold)                                                                                                                                              |
| [Resistance](Game/Core/Armour#Weakness%20and%20Resistance) | [Heat](Game/Core/Injury#Heat), [Impact](Game/Core/Injury#Impact), [Rending](Game/Core/Injury#Rending)                                                                      |
| [Armour-Traits](Game/Core/Armour-Traits)                   | Spend 1 [Power](Game/Core/Blocks/Power) and make an [Ascendancy](Game/Core/Spirit#Ascendancy) test to deal 4 heat damage and cause [On Fire](Game/Core/Effects#On%20Fire). |

Commit message:

V.3 Pt. 1 (#164)
* more skill changes

* Update Designing-Weapons.md

* Exotic Updates

* Bound Item Details

* Start of example gear

* linting

* Update Gear

* Pre Lint Rename

* Linting

* Armour Design Overhaul

* Armours updated to new rules

* Hunter and Enthusiast

* Rename Reaction Penalty

* Knight Done

* Commander Done

* Move interests

* Assassin done

* Paladin Stuff

* Update Core

* Page cleanup for the site

Game/Gear/Sunsworn-Breastplate.md, after:

Armour
{: .label .label-purple }

[Artisan](Game/Designing-Armour#Artisan)
{: .label .label-blue }

[Discordant](Game/Magic-Items#Discordant)
{: .label .label-blue }

[Master Work](Game/Designing-Armour#Master%20Work)
{: .label .label-red }

#### Sunsworn Breastplate
*A glorious plate of metal over flowing silk garb, adorned with a mark of the sun.*

| [Armour Integrity](Game/Core/Armour#Armour%20Integrity)    | 8                                                                                                                                                                             |
| :--------------------------------------------------------- | :---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Reaction Penalty](Game/Core/Armour#Reaction%20Penalty)          | (-1)                                                                                                                                                                          |
| [Weakness](Game/Core/Armour#Weakness%20and%20Resistance)   | [Cold](Game/Core/Injury#Cold)                                                                                                                                                 |
| [Resistance](Game/Core/Armour#Weakness%20and%20Resistance) | [Heat](Game/Core/Injury#Heat)                                                                                                                                                 |
| [Armour-Traits](Game/Core/Armour-Traits)                   | Spend 1 [Power](Game/Core/Blocks/Power) and make an [Ascendancy](Game/Core/Intuition#Ascendancy) test to deal 4 heat damage and cause [On Fire](Game/Core/Effects#On%20Fire). |
