Game/Worlds/Aspirants/Embarking-Adventurers.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Embarking Adventurers
parent: Character Creation
nav_order: 0
grand_parent: How To Play
---

## Embarking Adventurers
*Adventurers from all walks aspire to greatness.*

To create an embarking Aspirant:
* Create a character, a name, backstory, inspiration.
* Assign your [[#Attributes|Attributes]].
* Mark what [[#Skills|Skills]] you know.
* Mark what [[#Equipment|Equipment]] you own.
* Select [[#Interests|Interests]].

### Attributes
Assign your [[Attributes]] placing one of the two sets of values in each of the 5 attributes.

- 4,3,2,2,2
- 3,3,3,2,2

> So, 4 [[Strength]], 3 [[Agility]], 2 [[Intelligence]], 2 [[Instinct]], 2 [[Communication]] is a valid stat line


### Skills
Select 7 [[Skills]] which you have 1 rank in.

### Equipment
An embarking aspirant begins play with:
- [[Basic-Storage]]
- 1 set of [[Camping-Gear]], for the party.
- A [[Size-1-Basic]], [[Size-2-Basic]], or [[Size-3-Basic]] Weapon. 
- [[Basic-Armour]].
- [[Explorers-Kit]].
- 20 Silver. 
- One heirloom, either rolled for or selected from the following:

| Roll 1d6 | Result                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| -------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| 1-2      | An Artisan weapon such as: [[Arming-Sword]], [[Ironbow-Crossbow]], [[Heater-Shield]], [[Spear]]. |
| 3        | Artisan armour such as: [[Scale-Mail]], [[Studded-Leather]], [[Waxed-Gambeson]].                                  |
| 4-5      | A toolkit such as: [[Craftsman-Kit]], [[Healer-Kit]], [[Dungeoneering-Kit]].                                     |
| 6        | A [[Magic-Items#Harmonic]] [[Magic-Items]] of artisan quality or worse.                                                                                   |

### Interests
Embarking Aspirants have some trainings to help them on the road. Select 2 [[Game/Character-Development#Basic]] trainings to begin with.

### Example Characters
Here are some example characters:
* [[Naturalist-Witch]]
* [[Scholarly-Sorcerer]]
* [[Wandering-Knight]]
* [[Tinkering-Weaponmaster]]

Commit message:

Aspirant V4 Updates (#176)
* Cleanup items, remove mounts page

* Progress on V4

* Update Telling-The-Story.md

* Update Storage.md

* More updates and cleanup

* Dead link fixes

* Knight and Merchant done

* Mercenary, Hunter, Mystic

* Final Cleanup

* Rename some training stuff

Game/Worlds/Aspirants/Embarking-Adventurers.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Embarking Adventurers
parent: Character Creation
nav_order: 0
grand_parent: How To Play
---

## Embarking Adventurers
*Adventurers from all walks aspire to greatness.*

To create an embarking Aspirant:
* Create a character, a name, backstory, inspiration.
* Mark what [[#Skills|Skills]] you know.
* Mark what [[#Equipment|Equipment]] you own.
* Select [[#Interests|Interests]].

### Skills
From the [[Skills]] assign 26 ranks to them, with no skill going above 4.

### Aptitude
Your character has some inherent skill that makes them great.

| Roll 1d6 | Result                                      |
| -------- | ------------------------------------------- |
| 1        | Strong: +2 [[Physique]], [[Endurance]]      |
| 2        | Charming: +2 [[Connection]], [[Confidence]] |
| 3        | Attuned: +2 [[Awareness]], [[Spirit]]       |
| 4        | Agile: +2 [[Reflexes]], [[Coordination]]    |
| 5        | Smart: +2 [[Memory]], [[Application]]       |
| 6        | Gifted: +2 in two [[Skills]] of your choice |


### Equipment
An embarking aspirant begins play with:
- [[Basic-Storage]]
- 1 set of [[Camping-Gear]], for the party.
- A [[Size-1-Basic]], [[Size-2-Basic]], or [[Size-3-Basic]] Weapon. 
- [[Basic-Armour]].
- [[Explorers-Kit]].
- 20 Silver. 
- One heirloom, either rolled for or selected from the following:

| Roll 1d6 | Result                                                                                           |
| -------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| 1-2      | An Artisan weapon such as: [[Arming-Sword]], [[Ironbow-Crossbow]], [[Heater-Shield]], [[Spear]]. |
| 3        | Artisan armour such as: [[Scale-Mail]], [[Studded-Leather]], [[Waxed-Gambeson]].                 |
| 4-5      | A toolkit such as: [[Craftsman-Kit]], [[Healer-Kit]], [[Dungeoneering-Kit]].                     |
| 6        | A [[Magic-Items#Harmonic]] [[Magic-Items]] of artisan quality or worse.                          |

### Interests
Embarking Aspirants have some training to help them on the road. Select 2 [[Game/Character-Development#Introduction]] training to begin with.

### Example Characters
Here are some example characters:
* [[Naturalist-Witch]]
* [[Scholarly-Sorcerer]]
* [[Wandering-Knight]]
* [[Tinkering-Weaponmaster]]
